  
 
 
   
 
  
Date: August 01, 2018 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
     Replacement in Indices and revision in treatment of Special Dividend 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee has decided to replace Techno Elec tric & 
Engineering Company Ltd. from various indices on account of scheme of arrangement for 
amalgamation and revise the  methodology for treatment of special d ividend in the price 
return index. 
 
A. Replacement in Indices 
 
1) NIFTY 500 Index 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Techno Electric & Engineering Company Ltd. TECHNO 
 
 The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Bharat Dynamics Ltd. BDL 
 
 
2) NIFTY Smallcap 250 Index 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Techno Electric & Engineering Company Ltd. TECHNO 
 
 The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Bharat Dynamics Ltd. BDL 
 
 
3) NIFTY MidSmallcap 400 Index 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Techno Electric & Engineering Company Ltd. TECHNO 
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Bharat Dynamics Ltd. BDL 
 
These changes shall become effective from August 08, 2018 (close of August 07, 2018). 
 
 
B. Revision in methodology for treatment of Special Dividend 
 
 
Existing Revised 
 Dividends declared at and above 10% of 
the market value of the underlying stock 
are considered as special dividend and are 
adjusted in the price return index. 
The adjustment for special dividend shall be 
made in the price return index provided: 
 
 Dividends declared at and above 5% of 
the market value of the underlying stock. 
 
 All cases of dividends (irrespective of the 
dividend amount), where the listed entity 
has sought exemption from the timeline 
prescribed under the provisions of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and 
the third largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares in 2017, according to World 
Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement 
electronic or screen based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest 
stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every  
year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising 
exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data 
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance 
by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a 
pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a 
culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth 
of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in 
India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver 
innovation in both trading and non -trading businesses to provide high quality data and 
services to market participants and clients. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of 
indices and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as a core 
product. IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, 
  
 
 
   
 
  
including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad -based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised 
indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India secu rities, 
corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices.  Many investment products 
based on IISL indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index 
based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX)  and Taiwan Futures 
Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 
'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of 
requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its 
equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) 
with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website 
of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private 
Limited at http://www.onli ne.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial 
Institutional Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company 
Limited at http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private 
Limited at http://www.morg anstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank 
Limited at www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC 
Bank Limited at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. 
Potential investors should note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk 
and for details relating to such risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. 
Potential investors should not rely on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment 
decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in 
the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration u nder the Securities 
Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or 
to make a public offering of the securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations  
Mobile: +91-9833368337  
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey  
Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
                                                    
 