                                                                                   
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                         October 24, 2018 
NSE Indices launches NIFTY500 Value 50 
Index tracks performance of select ‘value’ companies based on price multiples and dividend yield 
Mumbai: NSE Indices Ltd., a n NSE group company , has today launched a value-factor based 
smart-beta index namely, NIFTY500 Value 50. 
 
The NIFTY500 Value 50 index consists of 50 companies from its parent NIFTY 500 index, 
selected based on their ‘value’ scores. The value score of each company is determined based on 
Earnings to Price ratio (E/P), Book Value to Price ratio (B/P), Sales to Price ratio (S/P) and 
Dividend Yield. The weight of each stock in the index is based on a combination of stock’s value 
score and its free float market capitalization. 
 
The base date f or the index is April 01, 2005  and base value is 1000. The index composition is 
reconstituted on a semi-annual basis. 
 
“The concept of ‘Value Investing’, which is an art of buying stocks trading at lower price s in 
comparison to their intrinsic value s, has been in existence for decades. NIFTY500 Value 50 , a 
smart beta index, captures performance of 50 such ‘value’ companies across size segments and 
sectors. The stocks are identified using a unique rule-based stock-selection methodology based on 
price multiples and dividend yield – a methodology which is backed by robust theses and extensive 
back-testing”, said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – NSE Indices Ltd. 
 
The NIFTY500 Value 50 index will be calculated on an end -of-day basis. The index presents an 
ideal fit for investment community looking to align their investments on value based strategy and 
is expected to be reference index tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds 
(ETFs), index funds and structured products. The index is also well suited for benchmarking needs 
of funds based on ‘value’ as an investment theme. 
 
For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at  www.niftyindices.com 
or www.nseindia.com 
 
 
 
 
 

About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to June 2018, according 
to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement 
electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock 
exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 
1995, based on SEBI data . NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising exchange 
listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology 
solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing 
members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and 
ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and 
investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth o f its products and services, 
sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be 
highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non -
trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants and clients.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
(Formerly known as India Index Services & Products Limited-IISL) 
NSE Indices Limited, a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services 
for the capital markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns 
and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE , including the flagship index, 
the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, 
strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Govern ment of India securities, corporate bonds, money market 
instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been 
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE,  NSE 
IFSC, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and 
traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity sh ares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Priv ate Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Priv ate Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Pote ntial investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Kumar Kartikey  
Senior Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
                                            