 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, March 17, 2025 
 
Exclusion of Odigma Consultancy Solutions Ltd. from Nifty indices 
 
NSE Indices Limited vide its press release dated September 06 , 202 4 had announced inclusion of 
Odigma Consultancy Solutions Ltd.  with a dummy symbol “ DUMMYINFBM” on account of 
demerger of  Global Top Level Domain undertaking  from Infibeam Avenues Ltd.  (INFIBEAM) in 
various indices effective from September 11, 2024 (close of September 10, 2024). After the demerger, 
Odigma Consultancy Solutions Ltd. (ODIGMA) was listed on December 12, 2024 at the National Stock 
Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE). 
 
In accordance with the index methodology, as Odigma Consultancy Solutions Ltd. (ODIGMA) has not 
hit price band on two consecutive trading days on March 13, 2025 and March 1 7, 2025 at NSE, the 
Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Ltd. has decided to e xclude Odigma 
Consultancy Solutions Ltd. (ODIGMA) from various indices as listed hereunder effective from March 
19, 2025 (close of March 18, 2025). 
 
It may be noted that if Odigma Consultancy Solutions  Ltd. (ODIGMA) hits the price band on March 
18, 2025, the exclusion shall not be deferred further. 
 
Sr. No. Index Name 
1 Nifty Microcap 250 
2 Nifty Total Market 
 
 
For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices, 
please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com. 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE In dices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These incl ude index -based 
 
 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in  