                                                  
  
1 
 
 
Date: July 08, 2016 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
IISL Launches Two New Indices  
 
New indices to serve as benchmarks for the arbitrage and low volatility strategies 
 
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), an NSE group company, in its continuous 
efforts to expand the suit of indices for Indian capital market, has today launched 2 
new strategy indices namely Nifty 50 Arbitrage Index and Nifty100 Low Volatility 30 
Index.  
 
“The new indices will act as benchmark for the arbitrage and low volatility strategies 
and facilitate introduction of new investment products. The Nifty 50 Arbitrage Index 
will be an appropriate benchmark for the arbitrage funds currently available in India . 
Products like ETF on the Nifty100 Low Volatility 30 index will make market s more 
attractive for investors looking for lower volatility and portfolio diversification” said 
Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, IISL. 
 
 
Nifty 50 Arbitrage Index 
Arbitrage is a popular strategy used by market participants that involves buying 
equities and selling equivalent equity  futures. In India, many asset management 
companies also offer arbitrage funds. 
 
The Nifty 50 Arbitrage I ndex aims to measure the performance of such arbitrage 
strategies.  The index measures performance of portfolio involving investment in 
equity & equivalent short position in equity futures, short-term debt market instrument 
and cash.  
 
The composition and weights of the index constituents are as under:  
 65% weight is assigned to net returns from investment in long Nifty 50 index 
and equivalent Nifty 50 index near month short futures.  
 30% weight is assigned to returns from 1 month MIBOR; and 
 5% weight is assigned to cash  
 
The base date of the index is April 01, 2010 and base value is 1000.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                  
  
2 
 
 
Nifty100 Low Volatility 30 Index 
The index tracks the pe rformance of 30 stocks with the lowest volatility  in last one 
year selected from stocks in Nifty 100. The Nifty 100 index represents the large market 
capitalisation segment of market .  Volatility is computed as the standard deviation of 
the security’s daily price return over a period of one year.  
 
The weights of the index constituents are as under:  
 The least volatile stocks receives the highest weight in the index 
 In order to ensure replication of index, weight of stocks with liquidity below 
the minimum threshold are capped at 3% 
 
The index is reviewed on quarterly basis . The base date of the index is April 01, 2005 
and base value is 1000.   
 
These indices will be maintained by IISL and calculated on an end -of-day basis.  The 
indices will also be available for licensing for the launch of financial products such as 
exchange traded fund and structured products. 
 
The details of these indices is available in the methodology document on the website.   
 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha | Editor and Communications Head 
 
asaha@nse.co.in, cc@nse.co.in  
Mobile: +91 – 9930019202 | 09903036100  
Direct: +91– 022 – 2659 8164 
Twitter: @NSEIndia  
www.nseindia.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                  
  
3 
 
 
About The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE):  
 
In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on t echnology, 
innovation, high standards of governance and management practices. NSE's business 
practices and high levels of integrity have earned it the trust of the financial markets 
worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange traded fina ncial 
products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a benchmark 
national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been covered 
extensively by global media and has won many accolades as recognition of this 
remarkable journey. 
 
 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
 
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a n NSE group company, was setup in 
May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the capital 
markets. IISL is India's firs t specialised company focused upon the index as a core 
product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising broad -based 
benchmark indices, strategy indies, thematic indices, sectoral indices and customised 
indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of I ndia 
bonds. Many investment and risk management products based on IISL indices have 
been developed in the recent past, within India and abroad. These include index based 
derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile 
Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE) and a number of index funds 
and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded 
as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
 