                                                                                   
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                         March 15, 2018 
IISL launches 3 hybrid indices 
Indices aim to capture performance of hybrid portfolios investing in equity and fixed income 
Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), has 
today launched a series of 3 hybrid indices.  
The 3 new hybrid indices are in addition to the recently launched hybrid index series. Of the 3 new 
hybrid indices, 2 indices blend NIFTY 50 and the NIFTY Short Duration Debt Index in various 
proportions and the third hybrid blends the NIFTY 50 and NIFTY Composite Debt Index. These 
indices reflect performance of hybrid portfolios investing in both the asset classes. 
 
NIFTY Hybrid indices are total return indices. 
 
The new NIFTY hybrid index series includes the following indices: 
Sr 
No. 
Hybrid Index Name Weight to Equity 
Index 
Weight to Debt 
Index 
1 NIFTY 50 Hybrid Short Duration Debt 40:60 Index 40% 60% 
2 NIFTY 50 Hybrid Short Duration Debt 25:75 Index 25% 75% 
3 NIFTY 50 Hybrid Composite Debt 65:35 Index 65% 35% 
 
“These 3 newly launched indices along with the previously launched 3 indices together shall provide 
market participants more options to choose relevant benchmark s for their hybrid portfolios. Similar 
to the earlier launched hybrid index series, these indices also have a back-tested history of more than 
16 years” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – IISL & DotEx. 
The indices are calculated on an end -of-day basis. They are expected to act as benchmarks for asset 
managers looking for reliable metrics that measure r isk-return dynamics of hybrid portfolios. The 
indices are also expected to be reference indices to be tracked by passive funds in the form of 
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.  
For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at  www.niftyindices.com 
or www.nseindia.com 
 
 
 

About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the fifth largest in the 
world by equity trading volume Year to Date (YTD), according to World Federation of Exchanges 
(WFE) data as on August 2017. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or 
screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India 
in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI 
data.  
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules 
and regulations of the exchange.  
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a 
culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of its 
products and services, sustained leadership posi tions across multiple asset classes in India and 
globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both 
trading and non-trading businesses to provide high -quality data and services to market participants 
and clients.  
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices 
and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as a core product. 
IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the 
flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad -based be nchmark indices, 
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market 
instruments and hybrid indices.  Many investment p roducts based on IISL indices have been 
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. 
(OSE), Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFE X) and a number of index funds and exchange traded 
funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus date d December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations  
Mobile: +91-9833368337  
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey  
Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
                                                    