 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, July 26, 2022 
 
Revision in Nifty Transportation & Logistics index methodology and 
replacements in indices 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make  the 
changes as listed hereunder. 
 
These changes shall become effective from August 08, 2022 (close of August 05, 2022). 
 
A. Revision in Nifty Transportation & Logistics index methodology: 
 
Existing Proposed 
Stock capping: 
Weight of each stock in the index is capped 
at 10% 
Stock capping: 
Weight of each stock in the index will be capped 
at 20% 
 
The change in the stock capping would be implemented through an index rebalancing (weights 
realignment) with effect from August 08, 2022 (close of August 05, 2022). 
 
 
B. Replacements in Nifty Shariah indices: 
 
On account of monthly review of Shariah compliance, replacements in Nifty Shariah indices shall be 
made as given hereunder: 
 
1) Nifty50 Shariah 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Britannia Industries Ltd. BRITANNIA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Tata Steel Ltd. TATASTEEL 
2 Wipro Ltd. WIPRO 
 
2) Nifty500 Shariah 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Britannia Industries Ltd. BRITANNIA 
2 NMDC Ltd. NMDC 
3 Tata Steel Long Products Ltd. TATASTLLP 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Balaji Amines Ltd. BALAMINES 
2 Chemplast Sanmar Ltd. CHEMPLASTS 
3 Dr. Lal Path Labs Ltd. LALPATHLAB 
4 Infibeam Avenues Ltd. INFIBEAM 
5 Lakshmi Machine Works Ltd. LAXMIMACH 
6 Persistent Systems Ltd. PERSISTENT 
7 Syngene International Ltd. SYNGENE 
8 Tata Steel Ltd. TATASTEEL 
9 Trident Ltd. TRIDENT 
10 Wipro Ltd. WIPRO 
 
3) Nifty Shariah 25 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Britannia Industries Ltd. BRITANNIA 
 
The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Voltas Ltd. VOLTAS 
 
 
 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE): 
 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading 
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar 
year 2021. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics 
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE was the first 
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is 
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity 
shares ever y year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model 
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data 
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by 
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the 
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems 
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.   
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses 
on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under the Nifty 
brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises of broad -based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE 
Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate 
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices 
have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE 
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The 
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
    
Press contact: 
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications 
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 
 
 