                                                                                   
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                          July 13, 2017 
IISL launches 4 multi-factor equity indices 
Indices provide diversified factor-exposure with varied risk-return profile 
Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), an NSE group company , has today 
launched 4 multi-factor equity indices in its continuous efforts  to expand the suite of indices for 
the Indian capital market. These indices are: 
1. NIFTY Alpha Low-Volatility 30 
2. NIFTY Quality Low-Volatility 30 
3. NIFTY Alpha Quality Low-Volatility 30 
4. NIFTY Alpha Quality Value Low-Volatility 30 
NIFTY Multi-Factor Indices are designed to reflect the performance of portfolio of stocks that are 
selected based on combination of 2 or more factors selected from 4 single -factors namely, Alpha 
Quality, Value, and Low-Volatility. Stock selection and stock weights in the indices are based on 
composite factor scores resulting in portfolio capturing the essence of underlying factor dynamics. 
These indices intend to counter the cyclicality  of single -factor index strategies  and provide 
investors a choice to take exposure to multiple factors through a single index product. Multifactor 
indices tend to exhibit lower cyclicality and better portfolio diversification as compared to 
traditional market capitalization and single factor indices. 
Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – IISL, said, “Investments where stocks are screened based on multiple 
factors have gained popularity among global investment community. By combing the well -
established factors used in active investment and rules based frame work of passive investment, 
multi-factor indices tend to have better risk return characteristics compared to tradition al market 
capitalization and single-factor based index strategies over longer time frame.”  
The index series will be calculated on an end-of-day basis. It is expected to provide an alternative 
for benchmarking and creation of passive products (ETFs)  for investors seeking to take exposure 
to desired combinations of various factors with lower cyclicality and better portfolio 
diversification. 
The base date for these four indices is April 01, 2005 with a base value of 1000. The index 
composition will be reconstituted semi -annually, where the  selection and the weights of the 
constituents will be based on designated factors considered for the respective index. 
All NIFTY indices follow a well -defined, market relevant and  rules-based framework that helps 
IISL provide transparent, replicable and market representative indices.  IISL equity indices 
comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices 

and customized indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds and money market instruments. 
For information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.nseindia.com 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the fourth largest 
in the world by equity trading volume in 2015, according to World Federation of Exchanges 
(WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen -based trading. It 
began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and 
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.  
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules 
and regulations of the exchange.  
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through 
a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of 
its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and 
globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in 
both trading and non -trading businesses to provide high -quality data and services to market 
participants and clients. 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices 
and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses upon the index as a core product. 
IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the 
flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises of broad -based benchmark indices, 
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds and money market 
instruments. Many investment products based on IISL indices have been developed within India 
and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. 
(SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan Futures 
Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and excha nge traded funds. The flagship 
'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institut ional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Divya Malik Lahiri 
Head, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: 98110 51234 
Email id: cc@nse.co.in / dlahiri@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Manager, Corporate Communication 
Mobile: 9819549984 
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 
 
 