 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, February 05, 2025 
 
Exclusion of Onesource Specialty Pharma Ltd. from Nifty indices 
 
NSE Indices Limited vide its press release dated December 02 , 202 4 had announced inclusion of 
Onesource Specialty Pharma Ltd. with a dummy symbol “DUMMYSTAR” on account of demerger of 
CDMO and Soft Gelatin business undertaking from Strides Pharma Science Ltd. (STAR) in various 
indices effective from December 06 , 2024  (close of December 05 , 2024) . After the demerger, 
Onesource Specialty Pharma Ltd. (ONESOURCE) was listed on January 24, 2025 at the National Stock 
Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE). 
 
In accordance with the index methodology, as Onesource Specialty Pharma Ltd. (ONESOURCE)  has 
not hit price band on two consecutive trading days on February 04, 2025 and February 05, 2025 at NSE, 
the Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Ltd. has decided to exclude Onesource 
Specialty Pharma Ltd. (ONESOURCE) from various indices as listed hereunder effective from February 
07, 2025 (close of February 06, 2025). 
 
It may be noted that if Onesource Specialty Pharma Ltd. (ONESOURCE)  hits the price band on 
February 06, 2025, the exclusion shall not be deferred further. 
 
Sr. No. Index Name 
1 Nifty Microcap 250 
2 Nifty Total Market 
 
 
For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices, 
please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com. 
 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE In dices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
 
 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC L imited (NSE IX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in  