                                                                                   
 
                                                                                                                         Date: July 25, 2018 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Migration of valuation source of NIFTY G-Sec Indices to NSE G-Sec valuations and 
Replacement in Fixed Income Index 
 
A. Migration of valuation source of NIFTY G-Sec Indices to NSE G-Sec valuations: 
 
NSE’s index services subsidiary, India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), has decided 
to change the source of valuations for its G-Sec indices from FIMMDA valuations to NSE G-
sec valuations.  
 
IISL currently maintains the following 6 Macaulay Duration based and 7 Maturity Based G-
Sec indices: 
Index Series Sr. 
No. Index Name 
Maturity Based 
1 NIFTY Composite G-Sec Index 
2 NIFTY 4-8 yr G-Sec Index 
3 NIFTY 8-13 yr G-Sec Index 
4 NIFTY 10 yr Benchmark G-Sec Index 
5 NIFTY 10 yr Benchmark G-Sec (Clean Price) Index 
6 NIFTY 11-15 yr G-Sec Index 
7 NIFTY 15 yr and above G-Sec Index 
Duration Based 
1 NIFTY Ultra Short Duration G-Sec Index 
2 NIFTY Low Duration G-Sec Index 
3 NIFTY Short Duration G-Sec Index 
4 NIFTY Medium Duration G-Sec Index 
5 NIFTY Medium to Long Duration G-Sec Index 
6 NIFTY Long Duration G-Sec Index 
 
The closing value of these  indices are presently calculated using FIMMDA valuation. Effective 
01st August 2018, these would be calculated using NSE G-Sec valuations. 
 
For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com 
or www.nseindia.com. 
 

B. Replacement in Fixed Income Index:  As part of monthly review, following replacement in 
NIFTY 15 yr and above G-sec Index shall be made with effect from August 01, 2018. 
 
The following security is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Security ISIN 
1 7.40% GOVT.STOCK 2035 IN0020050012 
 
 The following security is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Security ISIN 
1 7.06% GOVT.STOCK 2046 IN0020160068 
 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
third largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares in 2017, according to World Federation 
of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen 
based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in 
terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every  year since 1995, based on SEBI 
data. NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules 
and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and 
performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE 
believes that the scale and breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions 
across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands 
and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non -trading businesses to provide high 
quality data and services to market participants and clients. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices 
and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as a core product. 
IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the 
flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad -based benchmark indices, 
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India secu rities, corporate bonds, money market 
instruments and hybrid indices.  Many investment products based on IISL indices have been 
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index 
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016  (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations  
Mobile: +91-9833368337  
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey  
Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
                                                    