                                                                                   
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                       October 1, 2018 
NSE Indices launches NIFTY Dynamic Asset Allocation Indices 
Indices aim to serve as a benchmarks for Dynamic Asset Allocation funds 
 
Mumbai: NSE Indices Ltd., a n NSE group company , has today launched 2 dynamic asset 
allocation indices namely ‘NIFTY 50 & Short Duration Debt – Dynamic P/E index’ and ‘NIFTY 
50 & S hort Duration Debt – Dynamic P/B  index’. Within  these indices, t he a sset allocation 
between debt and equity is dynamically managed based on a model that compares the current 
Price-Earnings ratio (P/E) or Price -Book ratio (P/B) with historical Price-Earnings ratio (P/E) or 
Price-Book ratio (P/B) of NIFTY 50 in the previous 7 years. 
The ‘NIFTY 50 & Short Duration Debt – Dynamic P/E’  and ‘NIFTY 50 & Short Duration Debt 
– Dynamic P/B’ indices capture the performance of portfolio s where asset is allocated among 
following components 
 
1) Equity component – NIFTY 50 TR Index 
2) Debt component - NIFTY Short Duration Debt Index 
3) Equity Arbitrage Component – Long NIFTY 50 TR Index and Short NIFTY 50 Futures  
Index 
4) CBLO Component – NIFTY 1D Rate Index 
In these indices, the m aximum allocation to equity is 80% and minimum allocation is 65%. In 
case, the model prescribes an allocation to equity that is lower than 65%, equity arbitrage is used 
to maintain the equity allocation at 65% in these indices. In case arbitrage is used, 10% of the asset 
allocated to NIFTY 50 Futures Index (short) is allocated to NIFTY 1D Rate Index (CBLO 
component). 
 
“The two newly launched NIFTY Dynamic Asset Allocation indices employ a dynamic, rule-based 
asset allocation mechanism, designed to tactically combine equity and debt. The unique asset 
allocation model alters the index’s exposure to equity based on whether equity market presently 
appears to be relatively expensive or cheaper, thereby optimizing the risk-return ratio for investors. 
These indices also appropriately fill the gap due to the absence of a relevant benchmark for 
performance comparison of the popular dynamic asset allocation category offered by mutual funds 
in India” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, NSE Indices Ltd. 
 

The base date for the index is April 01, 2005 and base value is 1000. The index is calculated on an 
end-of-day basis.  
For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at  www.niftyindices.com 
or www.nseindia.com 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to June 2018, according 
to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement 
electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock 
exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 
1995, based on SEBI data . NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising exchange 
listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology 
solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing 
members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and 
ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and 
investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth o f its products and services, 
sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be 
highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non -
trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants and clients.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
(Formerly known as India Index Services & Products Limited-IISL) 
NSE Indices Limited, a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services 
for the capital markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns 
and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE , including the flagship index, 
the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, 
strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Govern ment of India securities, corporate bonds, money market 
instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been 
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE,  NSE 
IFSC, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and 
traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016  (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intent ion 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Kumar Kartikey  
Senior Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
                                                    