 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, December 01, 2025 
Revision in criteria for Nifty indices and inclusions in Nifty Bank index 
 
A. Revision in criteria of Nifty Bank and Nifty Financial Services Index for adherence to 
additional eligibility criteria as per SEBI circular dated May 29, 2025 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to revise the 
index methodology of the Nifty Bank and the Nifty Financial Services to make the indices compliant 
with the additional eligibility criteria for indices which are traded on Future & Options segment of 
stock exchanges as prescribed by SEBI in their circular titled - ‘Measures for Enhancing Trading 
Convenience and Strengthening Risk Monitoring in Equity Derivatives’ (SEBI/HO/MRD/TPD -
1/P/CIR/2025/79’ dated May 29, 2025.  
   
A detail of the proposed revision in methodology of the two indices is as under: 
 
1) Nifty Financial Services Index: 
 
Parameter Existing methodology Proposed methodology 
Weight capping 1) No single stock shall be more 
than 33% 
2) Weights of top 3 stocks 
cumulatively shall not be more 
than 62% at the time of 
rebalancing. 
1) Top 3 stock cap: Top 3 stock weight 
capped at 19%, 14%,10% respectively 
2) Stocks other than Top 3 stocks: 
Individual weights will be lower than 
those of higher weighted index 
constituents 
3) Weight of Non- F&O stocks: 
a. Non-F&O stocks shall be 
individually capped at 4.5% 
b. Cumulative weight of all non -
F&O stocks shall be capped at 
10%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2) Nifty Bank Index: 
 
Parameter Existing methodology Proposed methodology 
No. of stocks Maximum of 12 stocks 14 
Selection criteria  - 
F&O  
Top 12 companies based on 6 
month average free -float market 
capitalization, that are allowed to 
trade in F&O segment at NSE are 
only eligible to be a constituent of 
the index 
Step 1: Select top 14 stocks based on 
6-month average free -float market 
capitalization within the eligible 
stocks that are available for trading 
in NSE’s Futures & Options (F&O) 
segment  
Step 2: In case the number of stocks 
selected in the Step 1 above is less 
than 14, then the deficit number of 
stocks is selected based on six-month 
average free -float market 
capitalization from the remaining 
eligible universe 
Selection criteria - 
Circuit Filter 
- On a prospective basis, non - F&O 
stocks are eligible for inclusion only 
if the total instances of the stock 
hitting the upper or lower circuit 
(price band)  * during the past 6 
months as of the cut -off date is less 
than 20% of the number of total 
trading days over the same period.  
*An instance is counted each time the stock 
hits the upper or lower price circuit on a 
given trading day. If a stock hits the upper 
and lower price circuit (price band) on the 
same trading day, it will be counted as two 
instances 
Weight capping 1) No single stock shall be more 
than 33% 
2) Weights of top 3 stocks 
cumulatively shall not be more 
than 62% at the time of 
rebalancing. 
1) Top 3 stock cap: Top 3 stock 
weight capped at 19%, 14%, 10% 
respectively. 
2) Stocks other than Top 3 stocks: 
Individual weights will be lower 
than those of higher weighted 
index constituents^ 
3) Weight of Non- F&O stocks: 
a. Non-F&O stocks shall be 
individually capped at 4.5% 
 
 
Parameter Existing methodology Proposed methodology 
b. Cumulative weight of all 
non-F&O stocks shall be 
capped at 10%  
 
As prescribed by SEBI in their circular titled – ‘Implementation of eligibility criteria for derivatives on 
existing Non Benchmark Indices (HO/47/15/11(1)2025 -MRD-TPD1/ I/63/2025)’ dated October 30, 
2025, implementation of the changes shall be made effective from in the following way: 
 
Sr. 
No Index Name Method of 
Implementation Effective dates 
1 Nifty Financial Services In single tranche Last trading day of 
December, 2025 
2 Nifty Bank In four monthly tranches 
Last trading day of 
December 2025, January 
2026, February 2026 and 
March 2026 
 
On an ongoing basis, Nifty indices which are traded on NSE’s futures and option segment, shall be 
screened for compliance with the eligibility criteria as specified in ‘SEBI Master Circular for Stock 
Exchanges and Clearing Corporations ’ dated December 30, 2024 and circular for ‘Measures for 
Enhancing Trading Convenience and Strengthening Risk Monitoring in Equity Derivatives’ dated 
May 29th 2025 and as amended/modified from time to time. 
 
 
B. Inclusions in Nifty Bank index for adherence to additional eligibility criteria as per SEBI 
circular dated May 29, 2025 
 
In accordance with the revised criteria, the Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) has decided 
to make the following inclusions to the Nifty Bank index: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Union Bank of India UNIONBANK 
2 Yes Bank Ltd. YESBANK 
 
The above inclusion shall be made effective from December 31, 2025 (close of December 30, 2025). 
 
 
 
 
 
C. Revision in treatment of demerger of an index constituent of Nifty equity indices 
 
For scheme of arrangement for stock-based demerger, where any of the index constituents (Demerged 
company’) is demerging its business division(s) in two or more new entities/companies , based on 
feedback received from the market participants through consultation process and through the telephonic 
conversations, the Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) proposes the following revisions to the 
methodology of the Nifty equity indices: 
Sr. 
No 
Parameter Exiting method Proposed method 
1 For scheme of arrangement 
for stock -based demerger , 
where any of the index 
constituents (Demerged 
company’) is demerging its 
business division(s) in two 
or more new 
entities/companies  
 Not applicable The demerged company will 
be retained in the index if 
Special Pre -Open Session 
(SPOS) is conducted by the 
exchange, else the demerged 
company is excluded from the 
index at the beginning of T -1 
day where T is the ex -date of 
demerger. 
Further, the spun off entities 
shall be retained in the index in 
the form of dummy stocks 
(with equal weights) and shall 
be excluded from the index as 
and when listed and as per the 
standard criteria 
2 In terms of exclusion of such 
newly listed spun -off 
businesses/entities from the 
index 
The spun off business/ entity 
which is the newly listed entity 
shall be removed from the 
index after end of day (EOD) 
on third day of its listing. 
In case, during the first 2 days 
of these 3 days, if the spun off 
business/ entity hits the price 
band (higher or lower price 
band) on both days, then the 
exclusion date shall be deferred 
by another 3 days.  After 
observing two consecutive 
The spun off business/ entity 
which is the newly listed entity 
shall be removed from the 
index after end of day (EOD) 
of next business day (D Day) 
post observing two 
consecutive days of the spun 
off business/ entity not hitting 
the lower price band.  
If on such D Day, the spun off 
business/ entity hits the lower 
price band, exclusion of such 
stock shall not be deferred. 
 
 
Sr. 
No 
Parameter Exiting method Proposed method 
days of the spun off 
business/entity not hitting the 
price band, such spun off 
business/entity shall be 
removed after the third trading 
day of such observation. 
If on such 3rd day spun off 
business/ entity again hits the 
price band, exclusion of such 
stock shall not be deferred 
anymore 
 
3 In terms of applicability of 
treatment of retaining the 
Demerged entity and the 
Spun off entity in the index 
 
This treatment is applicable to 
all the Nifty Equity Indices 
This treatment of the demerger 
shall be applicable to index 
constituents of Nifty Total 
Market and will thereby apply 
to Nifty equity indices which 
include such index 
constituent/s. 
For other equity indices, the 
demerged company shall be 
removed from the index at the 
beginning of T-1 day (close of 
T-2 day) where T -day would 
be the ex-date for demerger of 
stock by making a suitable 
replacement in case of indices 
with fixed number of 
companies. No replacement 
(inclusion) will be made in 
case of indices with variable 
number of companies. 
 
The above changes in treatment of demerger shall be made effective from December 15, 2025. 
 
 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE In dices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These incl ude index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 
  