                                                  
  
1 
 
  
Date: 31 July 2018 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
IISL, a NSE group company, as part of its periodic review, announces the following replacements 
in the NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index. These changes shall become effective from August 01, 2018. 
 
Following securities are being included: 
 
Sr. No. ISIN State Coupon Maturity Date 
1 IN1220180096 Assam 8.41% 01-Aug-28 
2 IN2020180062 Kerala 8.41% 01-Aug-28 
3 IN2220180045 Maharashtra 8.42% 01-Aug-28 
 
Following securities are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. ISIN State Coupon Maturity Date 
1 IN1520180036 Gujarat 8.25% 25-Apr-28 
2 IN3120180028 Tamil Nadu 8.24% 25-Apr-28 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in 
India and the third largest in th e world by nos. of trades in equity shares in 2017, 
according to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first 
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen  based trading. It began operations 
in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock  exchange in India in terms of total and 
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. 
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading 
services, clearing and settlement services, indices , market data feeds, technology 
solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading 
and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer 
in technology and ensures the reliability and perform ance of its systems through a 
culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and 
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple 
asset classes in India and globally enable it to be highl y reactive to market demands 
and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non -trading businesses to 
provide high quality data and services to market participants and clients.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
                                                  
  
2 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL): 
  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of 
indices and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as 
a core product. IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand 
of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and 
customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of 
India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices.  Many 
investment products based on IISL indices have been developed within India and 
abroad. Th ese include index based derivatives traded on NSE,  Singapore Exchange 
Ltd. (SGX), Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and 
exchange traded funds. The flagship ' NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt 
of requisite approvals, market conditions and ot her considerations, an initial public 
offer of its equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 
28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The 
DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers, 
Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial 
Institutional Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company 
Limited at http://www .investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company 
Private Limited at http://www.morganstanley.com/about -us/global-offices/india/, 
HDFC Bank Limited at www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at 
www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at www.idf cbank.com and IIFL 
Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should note that investment 
in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such risk, see 
“Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential in vestors should not rely 
on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be of fered 
or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in 
the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States. 
 
                                                  
  
3 
 
For any clarifications please contact:  
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations  
Mobile: +91-9833368337  
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in 
  
Kumar Kartikey  
Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 