 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, July 24, 2025 
Replacements in indices 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make 
replacement of stocks in various indices as listed hereunder. These changes shall become effective from 
July 31, 2025 (close of July 30, 2025). 
 
A. Replacements on account of monthly review of Nifty Shariah indices: 
 
1) Nifty50 Shariah 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Infosys Ltd. INFY 
2 Tata Motors Ltd. TATAMOTORS 
 
No exclusion is being made from the index. 
 
2) Nifty500 Shariah 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 ACC Ltd. ACC 
2 International Gemmological Institute (India) Ltd. IGIL 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Infosys Ltd. INFY 
2 Jindal Saw Ltd. JINDALSAW 
3 Tata Motors Ltd. TATAMOTORS 
 
No change is being made in Nifty Shariah 25 index. 
 
 
 
B. Exclusion from Nifty SME Emerge index on account of proposed migration from NSE’s SME 
Emerge platform to NSE’s Capital Market segment (Main Board): 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Jeena Sikho Lifecare Ltd. JSLL 
 
No inclusion is being made in the index. 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE In dices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These incl ude index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 
 