  
 
 
   
 
  
Date: March 08, 2018 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
      Replacements in Indices 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee has reviewed the composition of NIFTY Alpha 50, 
NIFTY High Beta 50, NIFTY Low Volatility 50 and NIFTY100 Low Volatility 30 indices as 
part of the quarterly review and decided to make the following replacements.  
 
These changes shall become effective from April 02, 2018 (close of March 28, 2018). 
 
 
1) NIFTY Alpha 50 Index 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Adani Enterprises Ltd. ADANIENT 
2 BEML Ltd. BEML 
3 Dalmia Bharat Ltd. DALMIABHA 
4 Federal Bank Ltd. FEDERALBNK 
5 Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd. GSFC 
6 Infibeam Incorporation Ltd. INFIBEAM 
7 Jaiprakash Associates Ltd. JPASSOCIAT 
8 Motilal Oswal Financial Services Ltd. MOTILALOFS 
9 RBL Bank Ltd. RBLBANK 
10 Vakrangee Ltd. VAKRANGEE 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Biocon Ltd. BIOCON 
2 Bombay Burmah Trading Corporation Ltd. BBTC 
3 Britannia Industries Ltd. BRITANNIA 
4 Dilip Buildcon Ltd. DBL 
5 Graphite India Ltd. GRAPHITE 
6 H.E.G. Ltd. HEG 
7 Hexaware Technologies Ltd. HEXAWARE 
8 MindTree Ltd. MINDTREE 
9 NIIT Technologies Ltd. NIITTECH 
10 Quess Corp Ltd. QUESS 
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
2) NIFTY High Beta 50 Index 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Adani Enterprises Ltd. ADANIENT 
2 Bharat Financial Inclusion Ltd. BHARATFIN 
3 Jubilant Life Sciences Ltd. JUBILANT 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 BEML Ltd. BEML 
2 Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd. GSFC 
3 PC Jeweller Ltd. PCJEWELLER 
 
3) NIFTY Low Volatility 50 Index 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Karur Vysya Bank Ltd. KARURVYSYA 
2 United Breweries Ltd. UBL 
3 Vakrangee Ltd. VAKRANGEE 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Eicher Motors Ltd. EICHERMOT 
2 MRF Ltd. MRF 
3 TVS Motor Company Ltd. TVSMOTOR 
 
4) NIFTY100 Low Volatility 30 Index: No Change 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
 
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the fifth largest 
in the world by equity trading volume Year to Date (YTD), according to World Federation of 
Exchanges (WFE) data as on August 2017. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement 
electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock 
exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 
1995, based on SEBI data.  
 
NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
  
 
 
   
 
  
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing mem bers with the 
rules and regulations of the exchange. 
 
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems 
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and 
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes 
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver 
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services 
to market participants and clients. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL): 
  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices 
and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as a core product. 
IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the 
flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad-based benchmark indices, 
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market 
instruments and hybrid indices.  Many investment products based on IISL indices have been 
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange 
Inc. (OSE), Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange 
traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for 
Indian Capital Markets.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of 
requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its 
equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) 
with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website 
of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited 
at http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial 
Institutional Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited 
at http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private  Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited 
at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potenti al investors 
should note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details 
relating to such risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors 
should not rely on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in 
the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make 
a public offering of the securities in the United States.  
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
For any clarifications please contact:  
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations  
Mobile: +91-9833368337  
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in 
  
Kumar Kartikey  
Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 