 
 
 
 
 
January 15, 2019 
 
Replacements in NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index 
 
NSE Indices Limited , a n NSE group company, as part of its periodic review, announces the 
following replacements in the NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index. These changes shall become effective 
from January 16, 2019. 
Following securities are being included: 
 
Sr. No. ISIN State Coupon Maturity Date 
1 IN1320180020 Bihar 8.21% 16-Jan-29 
2 IN1920180131 Karnataka 8.17% 16-Jan-29 
3 IN3320180125 Uttar Pradesh 8.22% 16-Jan-29 
 
Following securities are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. ISIN State Coupon Maturity Date 
1 IN1520180143 Gujarat 8.65% 10-Oct-28 
2 IN3120180143 Tamil Nadu 8.68% 10-Oct-28 
3 IN3320180042 Uttar Pradesh 8.73% 10-Oct-28 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to June 2018, according 
to Wor ld Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in India to 
implement electronic or screen -based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the 
largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every 
year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising 
exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, 
technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading 
and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in 
technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of 
innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of its products 
and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and globally 
enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in b oth 
trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants 
and clients. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a 
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. 
The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio 
of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY 
equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, 
thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited  also maintains fixed income 
indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and 
hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within 
India and abroad. These in clude index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC, Singapore 
Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and 
exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the 
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com     
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com , Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at  www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited 
at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk F actors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely 
on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933 , as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United 
States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no 
intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United State s or to make a public 
offering of the securities in the United States. 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Kumar Kartikey  
Senior Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 