 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, September 06, 2024 
 
Corporate Adjustment for Infibeam Avenues Ltd. in Nifty indices 
 
NSE vide its circular NSE/CM L/63792 dated September 06, 202 4 has announced special pre -open 
session to be conducted for Infibeam Avenues Ltd. ( INFIBEAM) in Capital Market segment on 
September 11, 2024 on  account of demerger of its Global Top Level Domain undertaking into the 
Odigma Consultancy Solutions Ltd. 
 
In accordance with the index methodology, demerged entity with a dummy Symbol 
“DUMMYINFBM” shall be included at zero price in following indices effective from September 11, 
2024 (close of September 10, 2024). 
 
Sr. No. Index Name 
1 Nifty Microcap 250 
2 Nifty Total Market 
 
For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices, 
please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com. 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE In dices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These incl ude index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in  