 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, April 22, 2026 
 
Higher frequency for real time index dissemination of Nifty 50 
 
The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
Nifty indices assume leadership position with over 490 passive mutual fund products within India and 
33 passive products outside India tracking Nifty indices as an underlying with a total Asset under 
Management (AUM) of about USD 95 billion as on March 31, 2026.  Further, derivatives based on 
Nifty indices trade actively on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX). 
 
With increasing reference to indices for valuation of financial products and increase in trading volumes 
of derivatives linked to Nifty 50 index , effective May 11, 202 6 Nifty 50 index  that is currently 
disseminated live at a frequency of 500 milliseconds (0.5 second) shall be disseminated live at a 
frequency of 250 milliseconds (0. 25 second). In a phased manner, dissemination frequency of other 
indices shall also be aligned with Nifty 50. 
 
Presently, NSE Indices computes over 425 indices (equity, debt, multi assets etc.).  Out of these, the 
values of 134 indices (123 equity and 11 debt) are disseminated live during market hours at a frequency 
of 500 milliseconds (0.5 second) through trading system of the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) 
in Capital Market Segment while other indices are calculated and disseminated on end of day basis. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE In dices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
 
 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC L imited (NSE IX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 