 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, September 22, 2025 
 
Exclusion of STL Networks Ltd. from Nifty indices 
 
NSE Indices Limited vide its press release dated April 21, 202 5 had announced inclusion of STL 
Networks Ltd. with a dummy symbol “DUMMYSTLTE” on account of demerger of company’s Global 
Services business from Sterlite Technologies Ltd. (STLTECH) in various indices effective from April 
24, 2025 (close of April 23, 2025). After the demerger, STL Networks Ltd. (STLNETWORK) was 
listed on September 04, 2025 at the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE). 
 
In accordance with the index methodology, as STL Networks Ltd. (STLNETWORK) has not hit price 
band on two consecutive trading days on September 19, 2025 and September 22, 2025 at NSE, the Index 
Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Ltd. has decided to exclude STL Networks Ltd. 
(STLNETWORK) from various indices as listed hereunder effective from September 24, 2025 (close 
of September 23, 2025). 
 
It may be noted that if STL Networks Ltd. (STLNETWORK) hits the price band on September 23, 2025, 
the exclusion shall not be deferred further. 
 
Sr. No. Index Name 
1 Nifty Microcap 250 
2 Nifty Total Market 
 
For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices, 
please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com. 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE In dices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These incl ude index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of 
 
 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in  