                                                  
  
 
23 June, 2016 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
IISL Launches ‘Nifty 1D Rate Index’ 
 
Index aims to reflect returns generated by lending in the overnight market 
 
MUMBAI: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE group company, in its 
continuous efforts to expand the suit of indices for Indian capital market, has today 
launched „Nifty 1D Rate index‟. 
 
The overnight market in India is the most active component of the money market.  The 
index is designed to reflect the returns generated by market participants lending in the 
overnight market.   “The index can be used as a benchmark for funds investing in 
overnight money market”, said Mr . Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, IISL. The index uses 
“Collateralized Borrowing and Lending Obligation (CBLO)" overnight rate for 
computation of index values. 
 
The base date of the index is January 3, 2011 and base value is 1000.  The index will 
be maintained by IISL and calculated on an end -of-day basis. The Nifty 1D Rate index 
will be available for licensing for the launch of financial products suc h as exchange 
traded fund and structured products. 
 
 
 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha | Editor and Communications Head 
 
asaha@nse.co.in, cc@nse.co.in  
Mobile: +91 – 9930019202 | 09903036100  
Direct: +91– 022 – 2659 8164 
Twitter: @NSEIndia  
www.nseindia.com 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India (NSE):  
 
In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on technolo gy, 
innovation, high standards of governance and management practices. NSE's business 
practices and high levels of integrity have earned it the trust of the financial markets 
worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange traded financial 
products in India, NSE‟s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a benchmark 
national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been covered 
extensively by global media and has won many accolades as recognition of this 
remarkable journey. 
 
 
 
                                                  
  
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
 
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE group company, was setup in May 
1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. 
IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a core product. IISL 
maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising broad -based benchmark indices, 
sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices 
based on Government of India bonds. Many investment and risk management products 
based on IISL indices have been developed in the recent past, within India and abroad. 
These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. 
(SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (C ME) and Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE) 
and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index 
is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
 