  
      
1 
 
Date: April 1, 2016 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Launch of ‘Nifty MidSmallcap 400 index’ 
 
Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a group company of NSE, the 
leading stock exchange in India today announced laun ch of ‘Nifty MidSmallcap 400’ 
index that will be added to the family of its broad market indices.  The Nifty 
MidSmallcap 400 index will comprise of 400 companies which are the constituents of 
Nifty Midcap 150 and Nifty Smallcap 250 indices.  The index shall represent the mid 
and small market capitalisation segments of the Indian capital market. 
 
“The Nifty MidSmallcap 400 is a well -representative index consisting of 150 midcap 
and 250 smallcap stocks across 18 sectors. The new index joins the family of 
restructured broad based Nifty indices , which will facilitate introduction of investment 
products.” said Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO of IISL. 
 
“Nifty MidSmallcap 400 index would be an appropriate benchmark for mutual fund 
schemes which predominantly invests in Small -Cap and Mid -Cap companies equit y 
stocks.” said Navneet Munot, CIO, SBI Asset Management Company. “Furthermore 
we are pleased to see the addition of Nifty MidSmallcap 400 index to suite of well -
structured Nifty Broad market indices”. 
 
IISL will initially publish value of the Nifty MidSma llcap 400 at end of the day and 
subsequently disseminate online along with existing indices.   
 
For detailed methodology, please refer to the methodology document on Nifty broad 
market indices at IISL Publications. 
  
 
………………… 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha  
Head - Corporate Communications  
iisl@nse.co.in  
Mo: 09930019202 | Direct: +91 (022) – 2659 8164  
 
 
About NSE: In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on 
technology, innovation, high standards of governance and management practices. 
NSE's business practices and high levels of integrity have earned it the trust of the 
financial markets worldw ide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange 
traded financial products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a 
benchmark national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been 
covered extensively by global media and has won many accolades as recognition of 
this remarkable journey. 
 
 
  
      
2 
 
About IISL: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE group company, was 
setup in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the 
capital markets. IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a 
core product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising broad -based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed 
income indice s based on Government of India bonds. Many investment and risk 
management products based on IISL indices have been developed in the recent past, 
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka 
Exchange Inc.  (OSE) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The 
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets.  