 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, December 23, 2025 
 
Replacement in indices 
 
NSE vide its circular NSE/CML/71805 dated December 15, 2025 has announced shifting of Rajesh 
Exports Ltd. to Z category  (BZ series) w.e.f. December 26, 2025. In view of the above, the Index 
Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to  make the following 
replacement in various indices as listed hereunder. The change shall become effective from December 
26, 2025 (close of December 24, 2025). 
 
1) Nifty Microcap 250 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Rajesh Exports Ltd. RAJESHEXPO 
 
The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Kansai Nerolac Paints Ltd. KANSAINER 
 
 
2) Nifty Total Market 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Rajesh Exports Ltd. RAJESHEXPO 
 
The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Kansai Nerolac Paints Ltd. KANSAINER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised 
indices. NSE Ind ices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These inclu de index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 
 
 
  