 
 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE  
Mumbai, September 20, 2021 
 
Replacements in indices 
The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee - Equity (IMSC) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make 
the following changes in indices as given hereunder. 
 
These changes shall become effective from September 30, 2021 (close of September 29, 2021). 
 
A. Replacements on account of semi-annual review of index: 
 
1) NIFTY Midcap Select 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Co. Ltd. CHOLAFIN 
2 Exide Industries Ltd. EXIDEIND 
3 PI Industries Ltd. PIIND 
4 RBL Bank Ltd. RBLBANK 
5 Vodafone Idea Ltd. IDEA 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Container Corporation of India Ltd. CONCOR 
2 Gujarat Gas Ltd. GUJGASLTD 
3 IDFC First Bank Ltd. IDFCFIRSTB 
4 MRF Ltd. MRF 
5 Petronet LNG Ltd. PETRONET 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B. Replacement in NIFTY SME EMERGE Index: 
 
The IMSC has decided to make the following exclusion from NIFTY SME EMERGE index on account 
of proposed migration of the company from NSE’s SME EMERGE platform to NSE’s Capital Market 
segment (Main Board). 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Lagnam Spintex Ltd. LAGNAM 
 
 No inclusion is being made in the index. 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE): 
 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume 
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year 
2020. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics 
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2020. NSE was the first 
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is 
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity 
shares every year since 1995, base d on SEBI data. NSE has a fully -integrated business model 
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data 
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by 
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the 
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems 
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.   
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary 
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY  50. NIFTY equity indices 
comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and 
customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government 
of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment 
products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index 
 
 
 
 
based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange tra ded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded 
as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
For any clarifications please contact: 
Arijit Sengupta                 
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer           
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication 
Email id: cc@nse.co.in  