 
 
 
 
 
Press Release 
June 25, 2019 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (IMSC) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make the 
following exclusion from NIFTY SME EMERGE index on account of suspension of the company 
from NSE EMERGE platform. 
 
The change shall become effective from June 25, 2019. 
 
1) NIFTY SME EMERGE 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Five Core Electronics Ltd. FIVECORE 
 
No inclusion is being made in the index. 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to December 2018, 
according to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in 
India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked 
as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity 
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model 
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, 
market data feeds, technology solut ions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees 
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. 
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems 
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and 
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes 
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver 
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services 
to market participants and clients. 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a 
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital 
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages 
a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 
50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad -based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, 
 
 
 
 
 
strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market 
instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been 
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE 
IFSC, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number 
of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked 
and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
    
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 