  
      
 
Date: 19 July 2016 
 
 
NIFTY 50 based Leverage & Inverse Products to be launched in Hong 
Kong 
 
Mumbai: Two products based on India’s benchmark index Nifty 50 are going to be 
launched in Hong Kong tomorrow. These  products will be listed on Hong Kong Stock 
Exchange to enable investors in Hong Kong to access the Indian market.  
 
Two ETFs namely - CSOP Nifty 50 Daily (2x) Leveraged Product and CSOP Nifty 50 
Daily (-1x) Inverse Product are going to list. While the first is a leveraged product, the 
later is an inverse product. Investments in these ETFs will approximately correspond to 
twice (2x), or, inverse (-1x) of the daily performance of the Nifty 50 Index on the NSE. 
Nifty indices are compiled and managed by India Index Services and Products Ltd 
(IISL), a group company of National Stock Exchange of India (NSE). 
 
“The listing of Nifty 50 based leverage and inverse products in Hong Kong will ensure 
that investors in Hong Kong and China can participate in the India growth story. Nifty 
50 is the most widely used ET F benchmark in Indian domestic market with 13 ETFs 
tracking the index. Nifty 50 has the highest number of India focused ETFs outside 
India. In terms of contracts traded, Nifty 50 options traded on the NSE is ranked 1st 
globally and Nifty 50 futures is rank ed 7th globally” said Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO 
of IISL. 
 
The ETFs will be offered by a leading global Chinese asset manager, CSOP Asset 
Management Limited (CSOP).  Through these ETFs, CSOP is also making its debut in 
leveraged and inverse products (L&I) in t he Hong Kong market. “L&I products are 
new investment category in Hong Kong and it invests in futures to achieve its 
performance. From China to India, CSOP is always devoted to presenting opportunities 
of growth to global investors. As the first Chinese as set manager introducing the L&I 
products to Hong Kong and overseas investors, CSOP is also telling a story of growth 
of Chinese asset managers.” Ms. Ding Chen, CEO of CSOP said. 
 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha | Editor and Communications Head 
 
asaha@nse.co.in, cc@nse.co.in  
Mobile: +91 – 9930019202 | 09903036100  
Direct: +91– 022 – 2659 8164 
Twitter: @NSEIndia  
www.nseindia.com 
 
 
About The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE):  
 
In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on technology, 
innovation, high standards of governance and management practices. NSE's business 
practices and high levels of integrity ha ve earned it the trust of the financial markets 
  
      
worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange traded financial 
products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a benchmark 
national level economic parameter. Since inception , the exchange has been covered 
extensively by global media and has won many accolades as recognition of this 
remarkable journey. 
 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
 
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), an NSE group company, was setup in 
May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the capital 
markets. IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a core 
product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising broad -based 
benchmark indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, sectoral indices and customised 
indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
bonds. Many investment and risk management products based on IISL indices have 
been developed in the recent past, within India and abroad. These include index based 
derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile 
Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE) and a number of index funds 
and exchange traded funds. Th e flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded 
as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
 
  
About CSOP Asset Management Limited:  
 
CSOP Asset Management Limited (“CSOP”) was founded in 2008 as the first 
offshore asset manager set up by a regula ted asset management company in China. 
With a dedicated focus on China investing, CSOP manages public and private funds, 
as well as providing investment advisory services to Asian and global investors. It is 
the largest RMB Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (“RQFII”) asset manager 
globally. As of 30 Apr 2016, CSOP had US$ 3.9 billion in assets under management.  