                                                                                
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                                      18 May 2017 
Replacement in Fixed income indices 
 
IISL, a NSE group company, announces the following replacements in NIFTY 10 yr Benchmark 
G-Sec and NIFTY 10 yr Benchmark G -Sec (Clean Price) indices.  These changes shall become 
effective from May 25, 2017. 
 
1) NIFTY 10 yr Benchmark G-Sec Index 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Security ISIN 
1 6.97% GOVT.STOCK 2026 IN0020160035 
 
The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Security ISIN 
1 6.79% GOVT.STOCK 2027 IN0020170026 
 
2) NIFTY 10 yr Benchmark G-Sec (Clean Price) Index 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Security ISIN 
1 6.97% GOVT.STOCK 2026 IN0020160035 
 
The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Security ISIN 
1 6.79% GOVT.STOCK 2027 IN0020170026 
 
Revision in guideline for NIFTY 8-13 yr G-Sec and NIFTY Composite G-Sec Index: 
Effective next monthly review of NIFTY G-Sec indices, bonds that form part of NIFTY 10 yr 
Benchmark G-Sec index shall be compulsorily included in NIFTY 8-13 yr G-Sec and NIFTY 
Composite G-Sec Index. 

About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the fourth largest 
in the world by equity trading volume in 2015, according to World Federation of Exc hanges 
(WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen -based trading. It 
began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and 
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.  
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules 
and regulations of the exchange.  
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through 
a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE bel ieves that the scale and breadth of 
its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and 
globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in 
both trading and non -trading businesses to provide high -quality data and services to market 
participants and clients. 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services &  Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, was setup in May 1998 to 
provide a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses upon 
the index as a core product. IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand 
of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises of broad-based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. 
IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds 
and money market instruments. Many investment products based on IISL indices have been 
developed in the recent past, within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded 
on NSE, Singapore Exchange  Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka 
Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and 
exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the 
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Divya Malik Lahiri 
Head, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: 98110 51234 
Email id: cc@nse.co.in / dlahiri@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Manager, Corporate Communication 
Mobile: 9819549984 
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 
 
 