                                                                                   
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                        November 20, 2017 
IISL launches NIFTY SME EMERGE Index 
Index aims to measure the performance of select liquid SMEs listed on the NSE EMERGE 
platform  
Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), an NSE group company , has today 
launched the NIFTY SME EMERGE Index. 
‘NIFTY SME EMERGE Index’ is designed to reflect the performance of a portfolio of eligible 
small and medium enterprises that are listed on NSE EMERGE platform. 
“Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) play a crucial role in the growth of  the Indian economy 
by producing a diverse range of products & services and creating vast employment opportunities. 
Initiatives by government such as ‘Make In India’, ‘Startup India’, ‘MUDRA Yojana’ amongst 
others are expected to further boost the growth prospects of SMEs. It is an opportune time to launch 
the NIFTY SME EMERGE index on a day when NSE EMERGE platform has achieved the 
milestone of 100 IPO listings.” said Vikram Limaye, the MD & CEO – NSE. 
The base date for the index is December 01, 2016 and base value is 1000. The index constituents 
are weighted based on free float market capitalization  and the composition is reconstituted on a 
quarterly basis.  
 
“The NIFTY SME EMERGE index represents ~62% of the full market capitalization of all SMEs 
listed on the NSE EMERGE platform. Th e Index is a well -diversified basket of SMEs spread 
across 14 sectors with Services, IT and Consumer Goods as top 3 sectors by weight. Since its 
inception in December 2016, the index has given 39% return as on Nov 15, 2017. As the number 
of SMEs listed on the EMERGE platform increases, we will launch more variants of SME indices 
to meet the needs of various investors” said Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, IISL. 
 
The index will be calculated and published on an end -of-day basis. The index will cater to the 
benchmarking needs of investors seeking to track the performance of SMEs listed on the NSE 
EMERGE platform. 
All NIFTY indices follow a well -defined, market relevant and rules -based framework that helps 
IISL provide transparent, replicable and market representative indices.  
Brief information about the index is enclosed in the annexure below. 
For more information on i ndex methodology and factsheet, please visit us at 
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com. 

 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the fourth largest 
in the world by equity trading volume in 2015, according to World Federation of Exchanges 
(WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen -based trading. It 
began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and 
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.  
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules 
and regulations of the exchange.  
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through 
a culture of innovation and investment in te chnology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of 
its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and 
globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in 
both trading and non -trading businesses to provide high -quality data and services to market 
participants and clients. 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices 
and index related services for the capital ma rkets. IISL focuses on the index as a core product. 
IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the 
flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad -based benchmark indices, 
sectoral indices, strate gy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds and money market 
instruments. Many investment products based on IISL indices have been developed within I ndia 
and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. 
(SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan Futures 
Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 
'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring pro spectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations 
Mobile: 9833368337 
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in 
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Manager, Corporate Communication 
Mobile: 9819549984 
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Annexure 1 
NIFTY SME EMERGE Index 
Introduction 
‘NIFTY SME EMERGE Index’ is designed to reflect the performance of a portfolio of eligible 
small and medium enterprises that are listed on the NSE EMERGE platform. 
Highlights 
 The index has a base date of December 01, 2016 and a base value of 1000 
 The index captures the performance of select liquid SMEs listed on NSE EMERGE platform 
 Constituents are weighted based on free float market capitalization  
 Index is reconstituted on a quarterly basis 
Index Performance 
 
 
Period Return (point to point) 
Since 01 Dec 2016 39.0% 
6 Months 27.5% 
3 Months 18.2% 
1 Month 9.1% 
*As on November 15, 2017 