  
 
 
   
 
  
Date: June 15, 2018 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Revision in criteria and renaming of NIFTY Quality 30 index 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (IMSC) has decided to make revision in the criteria, 
composition and name of NIFTY Quality 30 index as detailed hereunder: 
 
A. Revision in criteria: 
 
Existing Revised 
Initial Universe selection:   
 Companies with top 200 rank by Free Float 
Mcap and average daily turnover with 
minimum trading frequency of 90% during 
previous 6 months.  
 Top 100 from above are selected by 
average free-float market capitalization in 
the last six months. 
Initial Universe selection:   
 Stocks should form part of NIFTY 100 
index. 
 Minimum listing history of 1 year  
 Stock should be available for trading in 
derivative segment (F&O). 
Security selection:   
 Quality score is calculated on the basis of 
Return on equity (ROE), Debt equity ratio 
(D/E) and Average change/growth in PAT 
in the previous 3 financial year.  
 
 
 Companies with negative PAT in previous 
3 years are excluded. 
 To derive Z-Score, 40% weightage is given 
to ROE & D/E ratio and 20% to Average 
increase in PAT 
 Companies which are not IRDA dividend 
norm compliant have been excluded from 
October 2014 onwards.  
Quality scoring:   
 Quality score is calculated on the basis of 
return on equity (ROE), debt -to-equity 
(D/E) ratio and EPS growth variability in 
the previous 5 years. D/E is not 
considered for companies belonging to 
financial services sector.  
 Companies with negative EPS in the 
previous 6 years are excluded. 
 To derive Z -Score, for non -financial 
service company, equal weightage is 
given to ROE, D/E and EPS growth 
variability in the previous 5 years. For 
Financial Service sector  company, 50% 
weightage is given to ROE & EPS 
growth variability. 
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
Index rebalancing rule: 
 Index rebalancing is done annually.  
 
 
 Existing stocks in the index whose rank 
goes beyond 60 will be compulsorily 
excluded from the index. 
Index rebalancing rule: 
 Index rebalancing will be done on a semi-
annual basis in June and December every 
year.  
 Top 10 ranked stocks on the basis of 
quality score are compulsorily included 
in the index, whereas existing stocks in 
the index whose rank goes beyond 50 are 
compulsorily excluded from the index. 
Weights and Capping: 
 Index is based on free -float market 
capitalization methodology with stock cap 
of 10% 
Weights and Capping: 
 Weight of each stock in the index shall be 
based on a combination of stock’s quality 
score and its free float market 
capitalization.  
 Weights of stocks are capped at the lower 
of 5% or 5 times the weight of the stock 
in the index based only on free float 
Mcap. 
 
The revision in criteria along with change in composition shall be applicable with effect from 
July 16, 2018.  It may be noted that the revision in stock selection criteria may result into a 
one-time change in the composition of the index. There shall be no change in the historical 
values of the index. 
 
In accordance with the revised criteria, the C ommittee conducted a review of the index as 
given hereunder:  
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd. BPCL 
2 Castrol India Ltd. CASTROLIND 
3 Divi's Laboratories Ltd. DIVISLAB 
4 Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd. DRREDDY 
5 Exide Industries Ltd. EXIDEIND 
6 Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd. GLENMARK 
7 Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd. HINDPETRO 
8 Lupin Ltd. LUPIN 
9 Motherson Sumi Systems Ltd. MOTHERSUMI 
10 MRF Ltd. MRF 
11 Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. SUNPHARMA 
12 Tech Mahindra Ltd. TECHM 
13 Vakrangee Ltd. VAKRANGEE 
14 Wipro Ltd. WIPRO 
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Bajaj Finance Ltd. BAJFINANCE 
2 Bharat Electronics Ltd. BEL 
3 Bosch Ltd. BOSCHLTD 
4 Container Corporation of India Ltd. CONCOR 
5 Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. GODREJCP 
6 HDFC Bank Ltd. HDFCBANK 
7 Hindustan Zinc Ltd. HINDZINC 
8 LIC Housing Finance Ltd. LICHSGFIN 
9 Marico Ltd. MARICO 
10 Oracle Financial Services Software Ltd. OFSS 
11 Pidilite Industries Ltd. PIDILITIND 
12 Rural Electrification Corporation Ltd. RECLTD 
13 Sun TV Network Ltd. SUNTV 
14 Yes Bank Ltd. YESBANK 
 
B. Renaming of Index: 
 
Effective July 16, 2018, NIFTY Quality 30 will be renamed as NIFTY100 Quality 30 index.  
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and 
the third largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares in 2017, according to World 
Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement 
electronic or screen based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest 
stock exchange in India in terms of total  and average daily turnover for equity shares every 
year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising 
exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data 
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance 
by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a 
pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a 
culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth 
of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in 
India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver 
innovation in both trading and non -trading businesses to provide high  quality data and 
services to market participants and clients.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL): 
  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of 
indices and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as a core 
product. IISL owns and manages  a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, 
including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad -based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised 
  
 
 
   
 
  
indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, 
corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices.  Many investment products 
based on IISL indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index 
based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile 
Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) 
and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship ' NIFTY 50' index is 
widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of 
requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its 
equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) 
with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website 
of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private 
Limited at http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial 
Institutional Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capita l Company 
Limited at http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private 
Limited at http://www.morganstanley.com/about -us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank 
Limited at www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC 
Bank Limited at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. 
Potential investors should note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk 
and for details relating to such risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on pa ge 19 of the DRHP. 
Potential investors should not rely on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment 
decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in 
the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or 
to make a public offering of the securities in the United States.  
 
 
For any clarifications please contact:  
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations  
Mobile: +91-9833368337  
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in 
  
Kumar Kartikey  
Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 