 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, October 20, 2022 
Replacements in indices 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make the 
replacement of stocks in various indices as listed hereunder. These changes shall become effective 
from October 31, 2022 (close of October 28, 2022). 
 
A. Replacements in Nifty Shariah indices: 
 
On account of monthly review of Shariah compliance, replacements in Nifty Shariah indices shall be 
made as given hereunder: 
 
1) Nifty500 Shariah 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Affle (India) Ltd. AFFLE 
2 Caplin Point Laboratories Ltd. CAPLIPOINT 
3 Varroc Engineering Ltd. VARROC 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 eClerx Services Ltd. ECLERX 
2 Engineers India Ltd. ENGINERSIN 
3 Finolex Cables Ltd. FINCABLES 
4 Gujarat Fluorochemicals Ltd. FLUOROCHEM 
5 Hindustan Copper Ltd. HINDCOPPER 
6 Indraprastha Gas Ltd. IGL 
7 Jindal Stainless Ltd. JSL 
8 Jindal Steel & Power Ltd. JINDALSTEL 
9 NATCO Pharma Ltd. NATCOPHARM 
10 Oil India Ltd. OIL 
11 Olectra Greentech Ltd. OLECTRA 
12 Poly Medicure Ltd. POLYMED 
 
 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
13 Rajesh Exports Ltd. RAJESHEXPO 
14 Shipping Corporation of India Ltd. SCI 
15 Steel Authority of India Ltd. SAIL 
16 Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Ltd. SWSOLAR 
 
No change is being made in Nifty50 Shariah and Nifty Shariah 25 indices. 
 
B. Replacements in Nifty SME Emerge index: 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make the  
following exclusion from Nifty SME Emerge index on account of proposed migration of the company 
from NSE’s SME Emerge platform to NSE’s Capital Market segment (Main Board). 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Ace Integrated Solutions Ltd. ACEINTEG 
 
No inclusion is being made in the index. 
 
 About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume 
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year 2021. 
NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics maintained by 
the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE was the first exchange in India to 
implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock 
exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, 
based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model co mprising exchange listings, trading 
services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading, clearing members and listed companies 
with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the 
reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
  
 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary 
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises of 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised 
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These in clude index based 
derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index 
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the 
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Press contact: 
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications 
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 
 