       
 
Date: January 07, 2016 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee has decided to make the following 
replacement in Nifty Aditya Birla Group index on account of scheme of arrangement 
for amalgamation of Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Ltd. with Grasim Industries Ltd . 
The change shall become effective from January 14, 2016 (close of January 13, 2016). 
 
 
1) Nifty Aditya Birla Group Index 
 
The following company is being excluded and no inclusion shall be made: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Aditya Birla Chemicals (India) Ltd. ABCIL 
 
 
 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha  
Head - Corporate Communications  
cc_nse@nse.co.in  
+91–(022)–2659 8164  
 
 
About NSE: In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on 
technology, innovation, high standards of governance and management practices. 
NSE's business practices and high levels of integrity have earned it t he trust of the 
financial markets worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange 
traded financial products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a 
benchmark national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange  has been 
covered extensively by global media and has won many accolades as recognition of 
this remarkable journey. 
 
About IISL: India Index Services &  Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE group company, was 
setup in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the 
capital markets. IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a 
core product. IISL maintains more th an 100 equity indices comprising broad -based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed 
income indices based on Government of India bonds. Many investment and risk 
management products based on IISL indices have be en developed in the recent past, 
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka 
Exchange Inc.  (OSE) and a number of index funds and exchange trad ed funds. The 
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets.  
 