 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, December 05, 2023 
 
NSE Indices launches new variant of the Nifty 50 index  
– the Nifty 50 Net Total Return (NTR) index 
NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new variant of the Nifty 50  
index named as the Nifty 50 Net Total Return (NTR) Index. 
Nifty 50 Net Total Return index aims to measure the performance of the Nifty 50 index considering 
that the cash dividends and the gains from bonus issues are reinvested in the Nifty 50 index after 
applying relevant withholding tax and capital gains tax respectively.  
The Nifty 50 Net Total Return index will be computed in two currencies namely Indian Rupee (INR) 
and US Dollar (USD). The following are the two variants of the index launched: 
1) Nifty 50 Net Total Return (INR) 
2) Nifty 50 Net Total Return (USD) 
With the launch of these new indices, below three variants of the Nifty 50 index will be available for 
each of the two currencies, 
1) Nifty 50 Price Return (PR): reflects the price performance of the index, plus the full value of 
special dividends but excludes the value of regular dividends 
2) Nifty 50 Total Return (TR): reflects the price performance of the index, plus the full value of 
all dividends (both special and regular) 
3) Nifty 50 Net Total Return (NTR): reflects the price performance  of the index , plus the net 
amount of all dividends (both special and regular) and gains from bonus issue after deducting 
withholding tax and capital gains tax respectively 
The new indices are expected to appeal to the international investors looking to invest in Indian equity 
market. They are expected to act as benchmarks for asset managers and as reference indices tracked by 
passive funds  globally in the form  of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured 
products.  
For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or 
www.nseindia.com. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprise of 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised 
indices. NSE I ndices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These inc lude index based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 