                                                                                
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                         04 May 2017 
ETF AUM tracking NIFTY Indices triples in FY 16-17, crosses  
Rs. 36,000 Cr  
AUM of Equity ETFs crosses Rs. 43,000 crores in FY 16-17 
 
Mumbai: Equity ETFs in India witnessed significant growth in FY 16 -17. Total Asset s under 
Management (AUM) of equity ETFs in India has almost tripled to Rs. 43,234 Cr , as on March 
2017 as against Rs. 15,066 Cr as on March  2016. AUM of the ETFs tracking NIFTY indices 
accounts for 85% of the total equity ETF  AUM. Accordingly, the AUM of Equity ETFs tracking 
NIFTY indices in India have reached Rs. 36,803 Cr as on March 2017 , as against  Rs. 12,865 Cr 
as on March 2016. 
The key drivers of increase in AUM of Equity ETFs are increasing popularity of ETFs amongst 
retail investors, investment by pension funds including Employees’ Provident Fund Organization 
(EPFO) in equity through the ETF route and the Government of India using the ETF route for 
disinvestment. In the previous financial year, the Government of India mobilised Rs. 8,500 Cr 
through CPSE ETF which tracks the NIFTY CPSE index.  
Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO of IISL, an NSE group company said “ETFs are increasingly 
becoming popular in India. Large institutional investors are also taking equity exposure via ETFs. 
In addition to interest in broad based indices such as NIFTY 50, we have also  seen interest in 
sectoral indices such as NIFTY Bank Index and other factor based indices. There is a good demand 
for NIFTY indices amongst ETF issuers in the international markets also.”  
 
  

 
Equity ETFs tracking NIFTY indices 
As on March 2017, there are 47 Equity ETFs trading in India out of which 34 are benchmarked to 
the NIFTY family of indices. 13 Equity ETFs in India track NIFTY 50 wit h a total AUM of Rs. 
23,251 Cr. It is followed by NIFTY CPSE index with 1 ETF and a total AUM of Rs. 7,732 Cr and 
then NIFTY Bank with 4 ETFs and total AUM of Rs. 5 ,091 Cr. ETFs also track other NIFTY 
indices such as NIFTY Next 50, NIFTY 100, NIFTY Free Float Midcap 100, NIFTY PSU Bank, 
NIFTY50 Value 20, NIFTY Quality 30 etc. 
Trading Volume of Equity ETFs 
Trading volume of ETFs in India has also grown significantly. In the last 2 financial years, average 
Daily Traded Volume (ADV) for equity ETFs was Rs. 186 Cr in FY 16-17 as compared to Rs. 92 
Cr in FY 14-15. In the last 10 years, ADV of equity ETFs has grown annually by 32%.  The retail 
interest in ETFs has been increasing , with the number of investors trading in ETFs increasing by 
82% in FY 16-17 over the previous financial year.  In the last 10 years, number of active clients 
trading ETFs has increased by 38% annually. Investors from more than 580 cities, including Tier 
II and Tier III cities, are investing in ETFs.  
NSE is continuously engaging wi th investors to ensure a larger participation from the retail 
segment in ETFs. The exchange has conducted more than 1600 investor awareness programs for 
retail investors in FY 16-17. Many such programs were conducted in association with the market 
regulator SEBI and benefits of ETFs were also discussed along with other topics related to 
investors’ awareness etc. 
ETFs are group of securities which are traded like individual stocks on a n exchange. ETFs can 
track equity indices, bonds, commodities etc. A retail investor can buy ETFs for as little as about 
Rs.100 and these can be then bought and sold as a share on the exchange, with a minimum trading 
lot of one unit and carry significantly lower fund management costs. 
 
Source of ETF Industry data: ICRA Online 
  
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the fourth largest 
in the world by equity trading volume in 2015, according to World Federation of Exchanges 
(WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It 
began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and 
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.  
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comp rising our exchange listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules 
and regulations of the exchange.  
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through 
a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of 
its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and 
globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in 
both trading and non -trading businesses to provide high -quality data and services to market 
participants and clients. 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, was setup in May 1998 to 
provide a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses  upon 
the index as a core product. IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand 
of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises of broad-based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, th ematic indices and customised indices. 
IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds 
and money market instruments. Many investment products based on IISL indices have been 
developed in the recent past, within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded 
on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka 
Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and 
exchange traded f unds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the 
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Divya Malik Lahiri 
Head, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: 98110 51234 
Email id: cc@nse.co.in / dlahiri@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Manager, Corporate Communication 
Mobile: 9819549984 
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 
 
 