                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  
1 
 
 
 
                                      
  
 
Date: 03 May 2017 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
IISL, a NSE group company, as part of its monthly review, announces the following 
replacements in NIFTY 4-8 yr G-Sec and NIFTY 8-13 yr G-Sec indices.  The se changes 
shall become effective from May 11, 2017. 
 
 
1) NIFTY 4-8 yr G-Sec Index 
 
The following security is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Security ISIN 
1 8.79% GOVT.STOCK 2021 IN0020110030 
 
The following security is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Security ISIN 
1 7.72% GOVT.STOCK 2025 IN0020150036 
 
 
2) NIFTY 8-13 yr G-Sec Index 
 
The following security is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Security ISIN 
1 7.72% GOVT.STOCK 2025 IN0020150036 
 
The following security is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Security ISIN 
1 7.61% GOVT.STOCK 2030 IN0020160019 
 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
fourth largest in the world by equity trading volume in 2015, according to World 
Federation of Exchanges (WFE). NSE was the  first exchange in India to implement 
electronic or screen -based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the 
largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity 
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.  
 
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading 
services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  
2 
 
solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by tradi ng 
and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange.  
 
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its 
systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes 
that the scale an d breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions 
across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to 
market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non -trading 
businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants and clients. 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), an NSE group company, was setup in 
May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index  related services for the capital 
markets. IISL is India's specialised company focused upon the index as a core product. 
IISL maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising broad -based benchmark 
indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indi ces and customised indices. 
IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, 
corporate bonds and money market instruments. Many investment products based on 
IISL indices have been developed in the recent past, within India and abroad. These 
include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan 
Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. 
The f lagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for 
Indian Capital Markets. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is propos ing, subject to receipt 
of requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public 
offer of its equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 
28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities and Exchange Board of Ind ia (“SEBI”). The 
DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers, 
Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial 
Institutional Securities Limit ed at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company 
Limited at http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company 
Private Limited at http://www.morganstanley.com/about -us/global-offices/india/, 
HDFC Bank Limited at www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Sec urities Limited at 
www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL 
Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should note that investment 
in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such  risk, see 
“Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely 
on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein i n 
the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  
3 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Divya Malik Lahiri 
Head, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: 98110 51234 
Email id: cc@nse.co.in / dlahiri@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Manager, Corporate Communication 
Mobile: 9819549984 
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 