 
 
          August 28, 2018 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
NSE Indices Ltd., a NSE group company, as part of its periodic review, announces the following 
replacements in the NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index . These changes shall become effective from 
August 29, 2018. 
Following securities are being included: 
 
Sr. No. ISIN State Coupon Maturity Date 
1 IN2920180170 Rajasthan 8.53% 29-Aug-28 
 
Following securities are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. ISIN State Coupon Maturity Date 
1 IN1020180080 Andhra Pradesh 8.39% 23-May-28 
2 IN3120180051 Tamil Nadu 8.32% 23-May-28 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and 
the third largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares in 2017, according to World 
Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement 
electronic or screen based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock 
exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 
1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising exchange 
listings, trading services, clearing and settlemen t services, indices, market data feeds, 
technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by 
trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer 
in technology and ensures the reli ability and performance of its systems through a culture of 
innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of its 
products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and 
globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation 
in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high quality data and services to market 
participants and clients. 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
  
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a 
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital 
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages 
a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 
50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad -based benchmark indices, sectoral indic es, strategy 
indices, thematic indices and customised indices. The company also maintains fixed income 
indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments 
and hybrid indices.  Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed 
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore 
Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds 
and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the 
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com     
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of 
requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its 
equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) 
with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website 
of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited 
at http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscree n1.htm, JM Financial 
Institutional Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited 
at http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank 
Limited at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential 
investors should note that investment in equity shares involves a h igh degree of risk and for 
details relating to such risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential 
investors should not rely on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in 
the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to 
make a public offering of the securities in the United States. 
 
  
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations  
Mobile: +91-9833368337  
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey  
Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 