 
 
 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, August 26, 2026 
Corporate Action Adjustment for India Glycols Ltd. in Nifty indices 
 
NSE vide its circular NSE/CML/75969 dated August 25, 2026 has announced special pre-open session 
to be conducted for India Glycols Ltd. (INDIAGLYCO) in Capital Market segment on September 02, 
2026 on account of demerger of BioPharma, and Spirits and Biofuel undertaking from India Glycols 
Ltd. into two resulting companies namely Ennature Bio Pharma Ltd. and IGL Spirits Ltd. respectively. 
 
In accordance with the index methodology, demerged entities Ennature Bio Pharma Ltd. and IGL 
Spirits Ltd. with dummy Symbols DUMMYINGL1 and DUMMYINGL2 respectively shall be included 
(with equal weights) at zero price without divisor adjustment in following indices effective from 
September 02,2026 (close of September 01,2026). 
 
Sr. No. Index Name 
1 Nifty Total Market 
2 Nifty Microcap 250 
3 Nifty Smallcap 500 
4 Nifty Sugar & Ethanol 
 
For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices, 
please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com. 
 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises  
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hyb rid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of  
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
 
 
 
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in  