 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, November 07, 2025 
Corporate Action Adjustment for Allcargo Logistics Ltd. in Nifty indices 
 
NSE vide its circular NSE/CML/71152 dated November 06, 202 5 has announced  special pre -open 
session to be conducted for Allcargo Logistics Ltd. (ALLCARGO) in Capital Market segment on 
November 12, 2025 on account of demerger of company’s International Supply Chain  business into 
Allcargo Global Ltd. (formerly known as Allcargo Worldwide Ltd. originally incorporated as Allcargo 
ECU Ltd.). 
 
In accordance with the index methodology,  demerged entity Allcargo Global Ltd. (with a dummy 
Symbol “DUMMYALCAR”) shall be included at zero price without divisor adjustment  in following 
indices effective from November 12, 2025 (close of November 11, 2025). 
 
Sr. No. Index Name 
1 Nifty Microcap 250 
2 Nifty Total Market 
 
For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices, 
please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com. 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE In dices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These incl ude index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in  