 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                  November 30, 2017 
IISL launches NIFTY LargeMidcap 250 Index 
Index aims to measure the performance of a portfolio of large and midcap companies 
listed on NSE  
Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), an NSE group company, has today 
launched the NIFTY LargeMidcap 250 Index. 
 
The NIFTY LargeMidcap 250 reflects the performance of a portfolio of 100 large cap and 150 
mid cap companies listed on NSE, represented through the NIFTY 100 and the NIFTY Midcap 
150 index respectively. The aggregate weight of large cap stocks and mid cap stocks is 50% 
each and are reset on a quarterly basis. 
The base date for the index is April 01, 2005 and base value is 1000. The index composition is 
reconstituted on a semi-annual basis. 
“NIFTY LargeMidcap 250 is a well-diversified index with equal aggregate weight to large and 
midcap stocks  ensuring balanced exposure to both the segments . The Index represents the 
investable universe of stocks for funds that invest in both large and mid -cap categories and is 
thus expected to strongly appeal to the investment community as an ideal benchmark for such 
funds.” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – IISL. 
The index will be calculated and published on an end-of-day basis.  
All NIFTY indices follow a well -defined, market relevant and rules -based framework that 
helps IISL provide transparent, replicable and market representative indices.  
 For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at 
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the fifth largest 
in the world by equity trading volume Year to Date (YTD), according to World Federation of 
Exchanges (WFE) data as on August 2017. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement 
electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock 
exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 
1995, based on SEBI data.  
 
NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing m embers with the 
rules and regulations of the exchange. 
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems 
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and 
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes 
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver 
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services 
to market participants and clients. 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices 
and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as a core product. 
IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the 
flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad-based benchmark indices, 
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds and money 
market instruments. Many investment products based on IISL indices have been developed 
within India and  abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore 
Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), 
Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. 
The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital 
Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is pro posing, subject to receipt of 
requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its 
equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) 
with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website 
of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited 
at http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial 
Institutional Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited 
at http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank 
Limited at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential 
investors should note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for 
details relating to such risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential 
investors should not rely on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in 
the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to 
make a public offering of the securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations 
Mobile: +91-9833368337 
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in 
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Manager, Corporate Communication 
Mobile: +91-9819549984 
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in  
Annexure 1 
 
NIFTY LargeMidcap 250 Index 
 
Introduction 
 
The NIFTY LargeMidcap 250 reflects the performance of a portfolio of 100 large cap and 150 
mid cap companies listed on NSE, represented through the NIFTY 100 and the NIFTY Midcap 
150 index respectively. The aggregate weight of large cap stocks and mid cap stocks is 50% 
each and are reset on a quarterly basis. 
 
Highlights 
 
 The index has a base date of April 01, 2005 and a base value of 1000 
 Index consist of stocks forming part of NIFTY 100 and NIFTY Midcap 150 index. 
 Aggregate weight of large cap stock and midcap stocks are capped at 50% each.  
 Index shall be reconstituted on a semi-annual basis along with NIFTY 100 and NIFTY 
Midcap 150 index. 
 Weights of large cap and midcap stocks are rebalanced on a quarterly basis 
 
Index Performance 
 
Period CAGR Returns (%) 
Since Inception (April 1, 2005) 15.0 
10 years 8.1 
7 years 10.7 
5 years 18.6 
3 years 14.6 
1 year 23.6 
6 month 11.8 
As on 31st October, 2017 
 
 
 