                                                                                   
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                         April 17, 2018 
IISL launches NIFTY200 Quality 30 
Index tracks performance of select companies based on profitability, leverage and earnings growth 
variability 
Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), has 
today launched a quality-factor based smart-beta index namely, NIFTY200 Quality 30. 
 
The NIFTY200 Quality 30 index includes top 30 companies from its parent NIFTY 200 index, 
selected based on their ‘quality’ scores. The quality score for each company is determined based 
on return on equ ity (ROE), financial leverage (D ebt/Equity Ratio ) and earning ( EPS) growth 
variability analysed during the previous 5 years. The weight of each stock in the index is based on 
a combination of stock’s quality score and its free float market capitalization. 
 
The base date f or the index  is April 01, 2005  and base value is 1000. The index composition is 
reconstituted on a semi-annual basis. 
 
“Globally, popularity of smart beta indices is picking up with assets under management of ETFs 
and ETPs tracking such indices steadily increasing at a rate of 30+ percent per annum during the 
past 5 years to reach ~$650 bn . as on December 31, 2017. In India, with availability of various 
smart beta indices, ETFs based on them are also expected to pick up. The launch of NIFTY200 
Quality 30, along with the existing suite of NIFTY smart beta indices  reinforces NSE’s 
commitment towards developing the passive fund management space. ” said Mukesh Agarwal, 
CEO – IISL. 
 
The NIFTY200 Quality 30 index will be calculated on an end-of-day basis. The index is expected 
to act as a benchmark for asset managers looking for a reliable metric that measure risk -return 
dynamics of quality factor based portfolio. The index is also expected to be reference index which 
can be tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and 
structured products.  
 
For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at  www.niftyindices.com 
or www.nseindia.com 
 
 
 
 

About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
third largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares in 2017, according to World Federation 
of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen 
based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in 
terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI  
data. NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services,  
clearing and settlement services, indices, market d ata feeds, technology solutions and financial  
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules 
and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and  
performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE  
believes that the scale and breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions  
across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands 
and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non -trading businesses to provide high  
quality data and services to market participants and clients. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices 
and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as a core produ ct. 
IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the 
flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad -based benchmark indices, 
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indi ces. IISL also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market 
instruments and hybrid indices.  Many investment products based on IISL indices have been 
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. 
(OSE), Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded 
funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index i s widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016  (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations  
Mobile: +91-9833368337  
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey  
Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
                                                    