       
1 
 
 
  
 Date: February 22, 2016 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Changes in Index Maintenance Guidelines 
 
Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a group company of NSE, the 
leading stock exchange in India , in its continuous efforts to align with the global industry 
best practice s hereby announces revision in stock selection criteria for various indices, 
methodology for calculation of total return index  and operational guidelines governing 
index maintenance. 
 
A. Stock selection criteria: 
 
1) Inclusion of securities with Differential Voting Rights : 
The equity securities with Differential Voting Rights (DVRs) would be eligible for 
inclusion in an index subject to fulfilment of the eligibility criteria as given below: 
 
a. Market capitalization criteria shall be measured at a comp any level by aggregating 
the market capitalization of individual class of security meeting the liquidity criteria 
for the respective index 
b. Free float of DVR equity class share should be at least 10% of the free -float market 
capitalization of a company (vot ing equity class share and DVR equity class share) 
and 100% free -float market capitalization of the last security in respective index. 
This requirement shall be applicable only to those indices that are calculated based 
on market capitalization methodology 
c. Each class of security issued by a company should meet the liquidity criteria 
applicable for the respective indices 
d. DVR shares will be considered for inclusion only in broad market, sector, and 
thematic indices which are based on market capitalization methodology 
e. Upon inclusion of DVRs in the index, the index may not have fixed number of 
securities.  For example, if DVR of an existing Nifty 50 constituent is included in 
Nifty 50, the Nifty 50 index will have 51 securities bu t continue to have 50 
companies 
f. It is likely that DVR is eligible for inclusion in the index whereas the full voting 
rights security class is ineligible. In such scenario, the DVRs shall be included in 
the index irrespective of whether full voting rights share class is part of index 
 
2) F&O criteria for stocks in Nifty 50 and Nifty Bank index: 
In order to become eligible for inclusion in Nifty 50 and Nifty Bank index, a stock must 
be available for trading in NSE’s Futures & Options segment. 
 
3) Removal of minimum free-float requirement of 10%: 
In view of the regulatory requirement of maintaining minimum 25% public 
shareholding for listed companies, the criteria of minimum free -float requirement of 
10% shall not be applicable for any index. 
 
 
 
 
       
2 
 
 
  
 
4) Eligible universe for selection of stocks in existing Broad  Market and S ectoral 
indices:   
The selection of constituents for each of these indices shall be made from the universe 
of companies that rank within top 800 based on both average daily turnover and 
average daily full market capitalization. 
 
5) Eligible universe for selection of stocks in Nifty Midcap Liquid 15 index:   
The selection of stocks for Nifty Midcap Liquid 15 index shall be made from Nifty 
Midcap 50 index. 
 
 
B. Methodology for calculating total return index calculation: 
 
Effective April 1, 2016 , the formula for computation of total return index will be 
revised as given in the methodology document on Nifty broad market indices at IISL 
Publications. 
 
 
C. Operational guidelines governing index maintenance: 
 
Effective February 26, 2016, operational guidelines governing index maintenance  will be 
revised as given hereunder: 
 
Corporate Action Existing Policy Revised Policy 
Investable Weight 
Factors (IWFs)  
Review 
The IWF is rounded to six 
decimals. 
For example: 0.608794 
The IWF will be  rounded to 
two decimals. 
For example: 0.61 
 The IWFs are reviewed on a 
quarterly basis  and implemented 
on second Monday of February, 
May, August and November  after 
providing five working days’ 
prior notice.  
The IWFs will be  reviewed 
on a quarterly basis and 
implemented from first 
working day after F&O 
expiry of February, May, 
August and November  after 
providing five working days’ 
prior notice.  
 Change in IWF by 5% or more is 
implemented as soon as possible 
after providing five working 
days’ prior notice. 
No change. 
Shares rebalancing Change in shares of less than 5%  
is implemented on second 
Monday of each month  after 
providing five working days’ 
prior notice.  
Change in shares of less than 
5% will be made on quarterly 
basis and implemented from 
first working day after F&O 
expiry of February, May, 
August and November  after 
providing five working days’ 
prior notice.  
 
       
3 
 
 
  
 Change in shares that results into 
change in the free -float market 
capitalisation by 5% or more will 
be implemented as soon as 
possible after providing five 
working days’ notice period. 
No change. 
Indices with capping 
methodology 
Indices are  presently capped at 
the time of change in divisors 
after providing fiv e working 
days’ prior notice. 
Indices will be capped at the 
time of change in divisors as 
per existing policy.  
 
Additionally, capping will be 
done on quarterly basis and 
implemented from first 
working day after F&O 
expiry of February, May, 
August and Nove mber after 
providing five working days’ 
prior notice.  
 
………………… 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha  
Head - Corporate Communications  
iisl@nse.co.in  
Mo: 09930019202 | Direct: +91 (022) – 2659 8164  
 
 
About NSE:  In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on 
technology, innovation, high standards of governance and management practices. NSE's 
business practices and high levels of integrity have earned it the trust of the financial 
markets worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange traded financial 
products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a benchmark national 
level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been covered extensively by 
global media and has won many accolades as recognition of this remarkable journey. 
 
About IISL: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE group company, was setup 
in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the capita l 
markets. IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a core product. 
IISL maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising broad -based benchmark indices, 
sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed income i ndices based on 
Government of India bonds. Many investment and risk management products based on 
IISL indices have been developed in the recent past, within India and abroad. These include 
index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX ), Chicago 
Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE) and a number of index 
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded 
as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  