  
      
 
Date: April 28, 2016 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Exchange vide its circular reference no. 039/2016 dated April 22, 2016 has announced 
exclusion of Futures and Options contracts in Indian Overseas Bank and UCO Bank.  
In view of the above, t he Index Maintenance Sub -Committee has decided to make 
replacements in Nifty Midcap 50 Index as given hereunder. 
 
The changes shall become effective from May 27, 2016 (close of May 26, 2016). 
 
1. Nifty Midcap 50 Index 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Indian Overseas Bank  IOB 
2 UCO Bank UCOBANK 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 PC Jeweller Ltd. PCJEWELLER 
2 SRF Ltd. SRF 
 
 
 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha  
Head - Corporate Communications  
cc@nse.co.in 
Mo: +91-9930019202 | Direct: +91-22-2659 8164  
Twitter: @NSEIndia 
 
 
About NSE: In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on 
technology, innovation, high standards of governance an d management practices. 
NSE's business practices and high levels of integrity have earned it the trust of the 
financial markets worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange 
traded financial products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nif ty 50, has become a 
benchmark national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been 
covered extensively by global media and has won many accolades as recognition of 
this remarkable journey. 
 
About IISL: India Index Services & Products L td. (IISL), a NSE group company, was 
setup in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the 
capital markets. IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a 
core product. IISL maintains more than 100 equi ty indices comprising broad -based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed 
  
      
income indices based on Government of India bonds. Many investment and risk 
management products based on IISL indices have been develope d in the recent past, 
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka 
Exchange Inc.  (OSE) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. T he 
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets.  
 