                                                                                   
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                         March 27, 2018 
IISL launches NIFTY ESG Indices 
Indices capture the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) attributes of NIFTY 100 companies 
Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), has 
today launched two Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) theme based indices namely , 
NIFTY100 ESG Index and NIFTY100 Enhanced ESG Index. 
 
These two indices are designed to reflect the performance of companies that are part of  NIFTY 
100 index based on Environmental, Social and Governa nce score. The weight of constituent s in 
these indices are tilted based on ESG score assigned to the company, i.e. the constituent weight is 
derived from its free float market capitalization and ESG score. 
 
These indices exclude companies engaged in the business of tobacco, alcohol, controversial 
weapons and gambling operations. The companies that are involved in any major environmental, 
social or governance controversy are also not considered for selection in the index. Additionally, 
the NIFTY100 Enhanced ESG Index includes only those companies that have a normalized ESG 
score of at least 50%. The ESG and controversy research is provided by Sustainalytics, one of the 
global leaders in ESG research.  
 
The base date for the indices is April 01, 2011 and base value is 1000. The index composition is 
reconstituted on a semi-annual basis. 
 
“ESG based investment strategy has gained popularity across global investors. The underlying 
principle behind ESG based investing lie s in capturing the intangible values of  environment 
friendly, socially responsible firms with robust governance policies in place.  The two new ESG 
indices are expected to strongly appeal to the investment community  looking to align their 
portfolios with the ESG theme.” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – IISL. 
“We firmly believe that the sustainable business practices, operating on the best ESG principles, 
yield better financial performance and deliver superior returns in the long term to investors. We 
congratulate NSE for launching NIFTY100 ESG Indices , which will help the investors and 
investment managers like us to benchmark their investment strategies driven by considerati on of 
ESG factors. We have a portfolio management services (PMS)  strategy managed on ESG 
principles and will also be using the new NIFTY100 ESG indices for one of our large mutual fund 
product. We wish IISL all the success for their new product launch. ” said Navneet Munot, CIO - 
SBI Funds Management. 
 

NIFTY100 ESG indices will be calculated and published on an end-of-day basis. These indices will 
cater to the benchmarking need and are also expected to be reference indices for passive investments 
in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.  
 
For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at  www.niftyindices.com 
or www.nseindia.com 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the fifth largest in the 
world by equity trading volume Year to Date (YTD), according to World Federation of Exchanges 
(WFE) data as on August 2017. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or 
screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India 
in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares ev ery year since 1995, based on SEBI 
data.  
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules 
and regulations of the exchange.  
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a 
culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of its 
products and services, sustained leadership positions acr oss multiple asset classes in India and 
globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both 
trading and non-trading businesses to provide high -quality data and services to market participants 
and clients.  
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices 
and index relat ed services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as a core product. 
IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the 
flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad -based benchmark ind ices, 
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market 
instruments and hybrid indices.  Many investment products bas ed on IISL indices have been 
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. 
(OSE), Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a nu mber of index funds and exchange traded 
funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors sh ould 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from re gistration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations  
Mobile: +91-9833368337  
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey  
Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
                                                    