 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, July 20, 2026 
 
Exclusion of Allcargo Global Ltd. from Nifty Indices  
 
NSE Indices Limit ed vide its press release dated November 07, 202 5 had announced inclusion of 
Allcargo Global Ltd. (AGL), with dummy symbol “ DUMMYALCAR” on account of demerger of 
International Supply Chain business  from Allcargo Logistics Ltd.  in various indices effective from 
November 12, 2025 (close of November 11, 2025). After the demerger, Allcargo Global Ltd. was listed 
on July 03, 2026 at the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE). 
 
In accordance with the index methodology, as Allcargo Global Ltd. (AGL) has not hit the lower price 
band on two consecutive trading days on July 17, 2026 and July 20, 2026 at NSE, the Index Maintenance 
Sub-Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Ltd. has decided to exclude the company from various indices 
as listed hereunder effective from July 22, 2026 (close of July 21, 2026). 
 
It may be noted that if  Allcargo Global Ltd. (AGL) hits the lower price band on July 21, 2026, the 
exclusion shall not be deferred further. 
 
Sr. No. Index Name 
1 Nifty Microcap 250 
2 Nifty Total Market 
 
For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices, 
please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com. 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises  
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hyb rid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of  
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
 
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in  