 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, November 18, 2022 
 
Revision in methodology of Nifty equity indices for handling corporate 
actions involving mergers 
 
NSE Indices had floated a market consultation paper on treatment of merger/demerger in Nifty equity 
indices on October 18, 2022. Based on the feedback received from the market participants, the Index 
Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make  revision in 
methodology of Nifty equity indices for treatment of mergers as mentioned hereunder.   
 
Existing Proposed 
Exclusion of transferor company: 
• In case of scheme of arrangement for merger 
of any of the index constituents  (Transferor 
company, a company which is being merged 
into another company ) with another 
company:  
o Transferor company is excluded from 
the index and the same is replaced with 
another eligible stock  soon after the 
equity shareholders’ approval to a 
scheme of arrangement for merger of a 
company (in case of indices with fixed 
number of constituents) 
o Transferor company is excluded from 
the index soon after the equity 
shareholders’ approval to a scheme o f 
arrangement for merger of a company 
without making replacement in the 
index (in case of indices with variable 
number of constituents) 
 
• In case, a transferor company is a constituent 
of indices on which Futures and Options are 
traded at NSE, changes are announced to the 
market participants four weeks prior to the 
index reconstitution date 
Exclusion of transferor company 
• Transferor company shall be excluded from 
index on the ex -date (T Day) of merger i.e. 
closing of T-1 day 
o Indices with fixed number of 
constituents: On ex-date, a replacement 
of company will be made based on the 
eligibility criteria of respective indices 
in place of transferor company which is 
being excluded  
o Indices with variable number of 
constituents: On ex -date, no 
replacement will be made in place of the 
transferor company which is being 
excluded 
 
• Announcement of the changes shall be made 
providing notice of minimum three working 
days including the indices on which Futures 
and Options are traded at NSE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Existing Proposed 
 
Merged Entity 
• If the equity shares of merged entity which 
are allotted to the shareholders of transferor 
company (post -merger) account for more 
than or equal to 5% of the current equity of 
the merged entity, these shares are updated 
for calculation of market capitalization with 
effect from the last trading day (T Day) of 
the calendar month of listing of these shares 
• In case, equity shares of merged entity 
which are allotted to the shareholders of 
transferor company (post -merger) account 
for less than 5% of the current equity of the 
merged entity, these shares are updated for 
calculation of market capitalization with 
effect from the last trading day of 
corresponding calendar quarter (March, 
June, September and December) 
 
 
Merged Entity 
• Equity shares, investible weight factor of 
merged entity shall be updated based on the 
terms of merger on the ex-date of merger i.e. 
closing of T-1 day 
 
The above will move the implementation of  index changes closer to the ex -date and thus help in 
reducing churn in index constituents resulting from corporate action involving mergers.  
 
These changes shall be applicable for all corporate actions involving mergers with an immediate effect. 
 
As responses on market consultation related to treatment of demerger in Nifty equity indices require 
further deliberations with various stakeholder s, changes related to treatment of demerger shall be 
announced in due course.  
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE): 
 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading 
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar 
year 2021. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics 
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE was the first 
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is 
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity 
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model 
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data 
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by 
 
 
 
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the 
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems 
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.   
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary 
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprise of 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised 
indices. NSE I ndices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These inc lude index based 
derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index 
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship ' Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the 
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
    
Press contact: 
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications 
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 