                                                                                   
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                         23 March 2017 
IISL launches 6 corporate bond indices 
Indices aim to capture the risk-return dynamics of AAA segment of Indian 
corporate bond market  
Mumbai:  India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), an  NSE group company, has today 
launched a series of six AAA rated corporate bond indices for the Indian bond markets. 
The NIFTY AAA Corporate Bond Index series comprises  five indices across different maturities 
and one composite index. Each of the 5 maturity-bas ed indices represents performance of liquid 
corporate bonds falling in specific residual maturi ty bucket. The composite index, on the other 
hand, covers all 5 distinct maturity buckets and hence seeks to represent the dynamics of the entire 
AAA corporate yield curve.  
The NIFTY AAA corporate bond index series includes the following specific indices  
Sr. no.  Index name Residual maturity range 
1 NIFTY AAA Ultra Short-Term Corporate Bond Index 0 .5 to 2 Years 
2 NIFTY AAA Short-Term Corporate Bond Index 2 to 3 Years 
3 NIFTY AAA Medium-Term Corporate Bond Index 3 to 5  Years 
4 NIFTY AAA Long-Term Corporate Bond Index 5 to 10 Years 
5 NIFTY AAA Ultra Long-Term Corporate Bond Index >1 0 Years 
6 NIFTY AAA Corporate Bond Index All maturities 
 
The base date for all the indices is 31-Dec-2013 an d base value is 1000. The index composition 
will be reviewed on a quarterly basis. The indices will be calculated on an end-of-day basis. The 
indices are expected to act as benchmarks for asset  managers looking for an effective metric that 
measures the risk-return dynamics of the corporate bond market. The indices are also expected to 
be reference indices to be tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), 
index funds and structured products. 
“The index construction methodology pays specific a ttention to maintaining high portfolio 
liquidity, lower portfolio turnover and better mark et coverage. Given the illiquid nature of the 
Indian corporate bond market, this unique mix of in dex attributes is expected to make them the 
most suitable benchmark indices” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – IISL.  
All NIFTY indices follow a well-defined, market rel evant and rules-based framework that helps 
IISL provide transparent, replicable and market representative indices. 

For information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.nseindia.com 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
NSE is the leading stock exchange in India and the fourth largest in the world by equity trading 
volume in 2015, according to the World Federation of Exchanges. It began operations in 1994 and 
has been ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover 
for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI annual reports. 
NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing 
and settlement services, indices, market data feeds , technology solutions and financial education 
offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and 
regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in te chnology and ensures the reliability and 
performance of its systems through a culture of inn ovation and investment in technology. NSE 
believes that the scale and breadth of its products  and services, sustained leadership positions 
across multiple asset classes in India and globally and its integrated business model enable it to be 
highly reactive to market demands and changes and d eliver innovation in both trading and non-
trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants and clients. 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), an NSE  group company, was setup in May 1998 to 
provide a variety of indices and index related serv ices for the capital markets. IISL is India's 
specialised company focused upon the index as a core product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity 
indices comprising broad-based benchmark indices, s ectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic 
indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains  fixed income indices based on Government of 
India bonds. Many investment products based on IISL indices have been developed in the recent past, 
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange 
Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan Futures 
Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and e xchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 
50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
Disclaimer:  National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other consideratio ns, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Market s India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley  India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.i iflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Divya Malik Lahiri 
Head, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: 98110 51234 
Email id: cc@nse.co.in / dlahiri@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Manager, Corporate Communication 
Mobile: 9819549984 
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 
 
 