  
   
  
Date: January 13, 2016 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee has decided to make the following change in 
Nifty Aditya Birla Group index on account of scheme  of arrangement for transfer by 
way of a demerger of the Madura Undertaking of the Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd. to the 
Pantaloons Fashion & Retail Ltd. (PFRL). 
 
The change shall become effective from January 20, 2016 (close of January 19, 2016). 
 
1)  Nifty Aditya Birla Group Index 
 
The following company is being excluded and no inclusion shall be made: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd. ABIRLANUVO 
 
 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha  
Head - Corporate Communications  
cc@nse.co.in   
Mo: 09930019202 | Direct: +91 (022) – 2659 8164  
Twitter: @NSEIndia 
 
About NSE:  In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the ca pital market, based on 
technology, innovation, high standards of governanc e and management practices. 
NSE's business practices and high levels of integri ty have earned it the trust of the 
financial markets worldwide. Besides being a platfo rm of choice for all exchange 
traded financial products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a 
benchmark national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been 
covered extensively by global media and has won man y accolades as recognition of 
this remarkable journey. 
 
About IISL:  India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE  group company, was 
setup in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices a nd index related services for the 
capital markets. IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a 
core product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity i ndices comprising broad-based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed 
income indices based on Government of India bonds. Many investment and risk 
management products based on IISL indices have been  developed in the recent past, 
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka 
Exchange Inc. (OSE) and a number of index funds and  exchange traded funds. The 
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and tra ded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets.  
 