                                                  
  
1 
 
 
 
Date: 05 December 2017 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
IISL, a NSE group company, as part of its periodic review, announces the following 
replacements in the NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index. The changes shall become effective from 
December 06, 2017. 
 
Following securities are being included: 
 
Sr. No. ISIN State Coupon Maturity Date 
1 IN1920170108 Karnataka 7.65% 06-Dec-27 
2 IN2920170114 Rajasthan 7.65% 06-Dec-27 
3 IN3120170094 Tamil Nadu 7.65% 06-Dec-27 
4 IN3420170133 West Bengal 7.68% 06-Dec-27 
 
Following securities are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. ISIN State Coupon Maturity Date 
1 IN3120170078 Tamil Nadu 7.18% 26-Jul-27 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
fifth largest in the world by equity trading volume Year to Date (YTD), according to 
World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) data as on August 2017. NSE was the first 
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen -based trading. It began operations 
in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and 
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.  
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading 
services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology 
solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading 
and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. 
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its 
systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes 
that the scale and breadt h of its products and services, sustained leadership positions 
across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to 
market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non -trading 
businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants and clients. 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of 
indices and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as 
a core product. IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand 
of NSE, including the flag ship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and 
customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of 
India securities, corporate bonds and money market instruments. Many investment 
products based on IISL indices have been developed within India and abroad. These 
                                                  
  
2 
 
include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osak a Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan 
Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. 
The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for 
Indian Capital Markets. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt 
of requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public 
offer of its equity sh ares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 
28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The 
DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers, 
Citigroup Global Markets India Priv ate Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial 
Institutional Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company 
Limited at http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company 
Private Limited at http://www.morganstanley.com/about -us/global-offices/india/, 
HDFC Bank Limited at www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at 
www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL 
Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Pote ntial investors should note that investment 
in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such risk, see 
“Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely 
on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States absent registration or an  exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in 
the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations 
Mobile: 9833368337 
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in 
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Manager, Corporate Communication 
Mobile: 9819549984 
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 