 
 
 
 
 
Press Release 
August 20, 2019 
 
Revision in eligibility criteria for inclusion of stocks in NIFTY indices 
 
Currently, only stocks that are listed at the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) are 
included in NIFTY indices.  Stocks which are permitted for trading at NSE while not listed at 
NSE or stocks not listed and also not permitted to trade at NSE are not considered for inclusion 
in NIFTY indices. 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (IMSC) of NSE Indices Limited has reviewed the 
eligibility criteria for inclusion of stocks in NIFTY indices as given below: 
 
Revision in the eligibility criteria for inclusion of stocks in NIFTY indices: 
 
Existing Revised 
All equity shares listed on the National Stock 
Exchange (NSE) are eligible for inclusion in 
the NIFTY indices.  Convertible stock, 
bonds, warrants, rights, preferred stock that 
provide a guaranteed fixed return and stocks 
under BZ series are not eligible for inclusion 
in the NIFTY indices. 
All equity shares that are traded (listed &  
traded and  not listed but permitted to 
trade) at the National Stock Exchange 
(NSE) are eligible for inclusion in the NIFTY 
indices.  Convertible stock, bonds, warrants, 
rights, preferred stock that provide a 
guaranteed fixed return and stocks under BZ 
series are not eligible for inclusion in the 
NIFTY indices. 
 
The revision shall come into effect from the forthcoming review of equity indices. 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to December 2018, 
according to World Fed eration of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in 
India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked 
as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity  
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully -integrated business model 
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, 
market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offering s. NSE also oversees 
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. 
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems 
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.  NSE believes that the scale and 
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes 
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver 
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services 
to market participants and clients. 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a 
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital 
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages 
a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 
50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad -based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, 
strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market 
instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been 
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE 
IFSC, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number 
of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked 
and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
    
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 