                                                  
  
1 
 
 
Date: 07 April 2017 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (IMSC) has decided to  make the following 
replacement in NIFTY High Beta 50 Index  on account of proposed scheme of 
arrangement in Sintex Industries Ltd.  for demerger of custom m oulding undertaking 
and prefab u ndertaking to Sintex -BAPL Ltd. and Sintex Infra Projects Ltd. 
respectively. The change shall become effective from April 17, 2017 (close of April 
13, 2017). 
 
1) NIFTY High Beta 50 Index 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Sintex Industries Ltd. SINTEX 
 
The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Bharat Financial Inclusion Ltd. BHARATFIN 
 
 
 
 
For more details, contact:  
Divya Malik Lahiri | Head – Corporate Communication 
 
dlahiri@nse.co.in, cc@nse.co.in   
Mobile: +91– 98110 51234  
Twitter: @NSEIndia  
www.nseindia.com  
 
 
 
About The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
fourth largest in the world by equity trading volume in 2015, according to World 
Federation of Exchanges (WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to impleme nt 
electronic or screen -based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the 
largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity 
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. 
 
NSE has a fully -integrated bu siness model comprising our exchange listings, trading 
services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology 
solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading 
and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. 
                                                  
  
2 
 
 
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its 
systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes 
that the scale and breadth of its products and service s, sustained leadership positions 
across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to 
market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non -trading 
businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants and clients. 
 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), an NSE group company, was setup in May 
1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the capital ma rkets. 
IISL is India's specialised company focused upon the index as a core product. IISL 
maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising broad -based benchmark indices, 
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. IISL als o 
maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India bonds. Many investment 
products based on IISL indices have been developed in the recent past, within India and 
abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd . 
(SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan 
Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. 
The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets. 
 