 
 
 
 
 
June 28, 2019 
 
NSE Indices launches NIFTY100 Alpha 30 Index 
Index tracks performance of top 30 securities with high alpha from NIFTY 100 index 
Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices limited has today launched an alpha-
factor based smart-beta index namely, NIFTY100 Alpha 30. 
 
The NIFTY100 Alpha 30 index consists of 30 companies selected from its parent NIFTY 100 
index, based on their individual ‘Jensen’s alpha’ score. The weight of each stock in the 30 stock 
index is based on a combination of stock’s alpha score and its free float market capitalization. 
 
The base date for the index is April 01, 2005 and base value is 1000. The index composition is 
reconstituted on a quarterly basis. 
 
“Within factor-based index strategies, a lpha index strategy focuses on selecting stocks  that 
have recently outperformed the broad benchmark on a risk adjusted basis.  NIFTY100 Alpha 
30, a smart beta index captures  the performance of such stocks within the large market 
capitalisation segment. The launch of NIFTY100 Alpha 30, along wit h our existing suite of 
smart beta indices provide a varied choice to market participants to track various factor-based 
investment strategies.” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – NSE Indices Ltd. 
 
NIFTY100 Alpha 30 index will be calculated on an end-of-day basis. The index is expected to 
act as a benchmark for asset managers looking for a reliable metric that measure s risk-return 
dynamics of alpha factor based portfolios. The index is also expected to be a reference index 
which can be tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index 
funds and structured products.  
 
For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at  
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to December 2018, 
according to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in 
India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked 
as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity 
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model 
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, 
market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees 
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulation s of the exchange. 
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems 
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and 
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes 
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver 
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services 
to market participants and clients. 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a 
subsidiary of NSE, provides a  variety of indices and index related services for the capital 
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages 
a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 
50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad -based benchmark indices, sectorial indices, 
strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market 
instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been 
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE 
IFSC, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number 
of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked 
and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
    
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 