 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, July 28, 2026 
Corporate Action Adjustment for Inox Green Energy Services Ltd. in Nifty 
indices 
 
NSE vide its circular NSE/CML/75420 dated July 28, 2026 has announced special pre-open session to 
be conducted for Inox Green Energy Services Ltd. (INOXGREEN) in Capital Market segment on July 
31, 202 6 on account of demerger of company’s power evacuation business  into Inox Renewable 
Solutions Ltd. 
 
In accordance with the index methodology,  demerged entity Inox Renewable Solutions  Ltd. (with a 
dummy Symbol “ DUMMYINXGN”) shall be included at zero price without divisor adjustment  in 
following indices effective from July 31, 2026 (close of July 30, 2026). 
 
Sr. No. Index Name 
1 Nifty Microcap 250 
2 Nifty Smallcap 500 
3 Nifty Total Market 
4 Nifty Commercial & Transport Services 
 
For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices, 
please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com. 
 
 
 
 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises  
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hyb rid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of 
 
 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 
  