                                                                                   
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                         18 April 2017 
IISL launches NIFTY50 Equal Weight Index 
Index aims to provide an equal-weighted alternative to the market capitalization 
based index. 
Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), a n NSE group company, in its 
continuous efforts to expand the suit e of indices for Indian capital market, has today launched 
NIFTY50 Equal Weight Index. 
NIFTY50 Equal Weight Index represents an alternative weighting strategy to its market 
capitalization based parent index, the NIFTY 50 Index. The index includes the same companies as 
its parent index, however, weighted equally.  
The base date for the index is 03-Nov-1995 and base value is 1000. The index composition will 
be reconstituted semi -annually along with NIFTY 50 however the weights of companies in the 
equal weight index will be rebalanced  on a quarterly basis. The w eights may, however,  drift 
between rebalancing due to movement in stock price. 
“NIFTY50 Equal Weight Index is a smart yet simple index strategy – which allocates equal weight 
to all companies in the index, instead of considering  their economies or market capitalization as 
the sole criteria for weight allocation. This gives fund managers an alternative index strategy to 
explore” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – IISL.  
The index will be calculated on an end-of-day basis. It is expected to act as a benchmark for asset 
managers looking for an alternative weighting strategy to its market capitalization weighted parent 
index i.e. NIFTY 50 for launching products. 
All NIFTY indices follow a well -defined, market relevant and rules -based framework that helps 
IISL provide transparent, replicable and market representative indices. 
For information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.nseindia.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the fourth largest 
in the world by equity trading volume in 2015, according to World Federation of Exchanges 
(WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It 
began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and 
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.  
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comp rising our exchange listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules 
and regulations of the exchange.  
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through 
a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of 
its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and 
globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in 
both trading and non -trading businesses to provide high -quality data and services to market 
participants and clients. 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), an NSE group company, was setup in May 1998 to 
provide a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. IISL is Ind ia's 
specialised company focused upon the index as a core product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity 
indices comprising broad -based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic 
indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of 
India securities, corporate bonds and money market instruments. Many investment products based on 
IISL indices have been developed in the recent past, within India and abroad. These include index 
based derivatives trad ed on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange 
Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index 
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the 
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limit ed at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Divya Malik Lahiri 
Head, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: 98110 51234 
Email id: cc@nse.co.in / dlahiri@nse.co.in  
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Manager, Corporate Communication 
Mobile: 9819549984 
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 
 
 