 
 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, July 24, 2023 
 
Replacements in indices 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make  
replacement of stocks in Nifty Shariah indices on account of monthly review of Shariah compliance 
as listed hereunder. These changes shall become effective from July 31, 2023 (close of July 28, 2023). 
 
1) Nifty500 Shariah 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Adani Total Gas Ltd. ATGL 
2 Adani Wilmar Ltd. AWL 
3 Balkrishna Industries Ltd. BALKRISIND 
4 Glaxosmithkline Pharmaceuticals Ltd. GLAXO 
5 Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Ltd. SWSOLAR 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Ltd. CROMPTON 
2 Tata Chemicals Ltd. TATACHEM 
 
  
 
 
 
2) Nifty50 Shariah 
 
The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 LTIMindtree Ltd. LTIM 
 
No exclusion is being made from the index. 
 
3) Nifty Shariah 25 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Adani Total Gas Ltd. ATGL 
 
The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Siemens Ltd. SIEMENS 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary 
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprise of 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised 
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of 
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 