 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, February 21, 2023 
 
Replacements in indices 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make  
replacement of stocks in various indices as listed hereunder . These changes shall become effective 
from February 28, 2023 (close of February 27, 2023). 
 
A. Replacements in Nifty SME Emerge index: 
 
On account of proposed migration of  the companies from NSE’s SME Emerge platform to NSE’s 
Capital Market segment (Main Board), following exclusions from Nifty SME Emerge index shall be 
made as given hereunder: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Lexus Granito (India) Ltd. LEXUS 
2 ShreeOswal Seeds And Chemicals Ltd. OSWALSEEDS 
3 Sigma Solve Ltd. SIGMA 
 
No inclusion is being made in the index. 
 
B. Replacement in Nifty Shariah indices: 
 
On account of monthly review of Shariah compliance, replacement in Nifty Shariah indices shall be 
made as given hereunder: 
 
1) Nifty500 Shariah 
 
The following company is being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Piramal Pharma Ltd. PPLPHARMA 
 
No exclusion is being made in the index. 
 
No changes are being made in Nifty50 Shariah and Nifty Shariah 25 indices. 
 
 
 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE): 
 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by  trading 
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar 
year 2022. NSE is ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics 
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2022. NSE was the first 
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is 
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for eq uity 
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model 
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data 
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offe rings. NSE also oversees compliance by 
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the 
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems 
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.   
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses 
on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under the Nifty 
brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises of broad -based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE 
Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate 
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices 
have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE 
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The 
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.Niftyindices.com 
 
    
Press contact: 
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications 
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 
 
 