 
 
 
Non-Confidential 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Mumbai, July 17, 2026 
Replacement in indices 
 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub -Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make 
replacement of stock in various indices as listed hereunder. These changes shall become effective from 
July 31, 2026 (close of July 30, 2026). 
 
A. Exclusion from Nifty100 ESG and Nifty100 Enhanced ESG indices: 
 
1) Nifty100 ESG 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. TCS 
 
No inclusion is being made in the index. 
 
2) Nifty100 Enhanced ESG 
 
The following company is being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. TCS 
 
No inclusion is being made in the index. 
 
B. Replacements on account of monthly review of Nifty Shariah indices: 
 
1) Nifty500 Shariah 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Adani Total Gas Ltd. ATGL 
2 Elecon Engineering Co. Ltd. ELECON 
3 Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd. TORNTPHARM 
 
 
 
Non-Confidential 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 ACC Ltd. ACC 
2 Ambuja Cements Ltd. AMBUJACEM 
3 Hindustan Zinc Ltd. HINDZINC 
4 Laurus Labs Ltd. LAURUSLABS 
5 Tata Motors Ltd. TMCV 
 
No changes are being made in Nifty50 Shariah and Nifty Shariah 25 indices. 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of 
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company 
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns  and manages a portfolio of indices under 
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises  
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised 
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India 
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hyb rid indices. Many investment products 
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index -based 
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of  
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as 
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.  
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Press contact: 
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in 