                                                                                   
 
PRESS RELEASE 
                                                                                                                        October 13, 2017 
IISL launches NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index 
Index aims to measure the performance of the 10 year segment of the State Development 
Loan (SDL) securities market 
Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), an NSE group company , has today 
launched the NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index. 
NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index seeks to measure the performance of a portfolio of SDL securities with 
residual maturity of about 10 years.  
The index contains SDLs issued by top 14 states selected every year based on their primary 
issuance volume during previous year. The index captures the total return , including price return 
and coupon return, on the underlying SDL portfolio. 
“With increasing level of state borrowings, issuances of state development loans (SDLs) ha ve 
almost doubled from Rs.1.97 trillion in FY14 to Rs.3.88 trillion in FY17.  The 10 year continues 
to be the most popular maturity segment  with ~96% share of SDL primary issuance  volume. 
Within mutual funds, g ilt funds ’ investment in SDLs , as a percent of their fund AUM, has 
increased from 6% to 15% in the previous 3 financial years. The NIFTY 10 Year SDL index, with 
its unique construction methodology, aims to represent this evolving segment of the Indian fixed 
income securities market” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – IISL. 
The base date for the index is September 03, 2001 and base value is 1000. The list of 14 states in 
the index is reviewed annually. The index is calculated and published on an end-of-day basis. The 
index will cater to the benchmarking needs of asset managers for their investments in SDLs. The 
index will also be available for licensing for launch of structured products and passive financial 
products such as exchange traded funds (ETFs) and index funds. 
All NIFTY indices follow a well -defined, market relevant and rules -based framework that helps 
IISL provide transparent, replicable and market representative indices.  
Brief information about the index is enclosed in the annexure below. 
For more information on i ndex methodology and factsheet, please visit us at 
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com. 
 
 
 
 

About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the fourth largest 
in the world by equity trading volume in 2015, according to World Federation of Exchanges 
(WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen -based trading. It 
began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and 
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.  
NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising our ex change listings, trading services, 
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial 
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules 
and regulations of the exchange.  
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through 
a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of 
its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and 
globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in 
both trading and non -trading businesses to provide high -quality data and services to market 
participants and clients. 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):  
India Index Services &  Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices 
and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as a core product. 
IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the 
flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad -based benchmark indices, 
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains 
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds and money market 
instruments. Many investment products based on IISL indices have been developed within India 
and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. 
(SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CM E), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan Futures 
Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 
'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equ ity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets Indi a Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Compan y Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at 
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com . Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention 
to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the 
securities in the United States. 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations 
Mobile: 9833368337 
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in 
 
Kumar Kartikey 
Manager, Corporate Communication 
Mobile: 9819549984 
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Annexure 1 
NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index 
Introduction 
NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index seeks to measure the performance of a portfolio of State Development 
Loans (SDLs) with residual maturity of about 10 years.  
The index contains SDLs issued by top 14 states selected every year based on their primary 
issuance volume during previous year. The index captures the total return, including price return 
and coupon return on the underlying SDL portfolio.  
Highlights 
 The index has a base date of September 03, 2001 and a base value of 1000 
 With top 14 states reviewed annually, the index adequately represents the dynamics of the 10 
year maturity bucket of the SDL market 
 Most recently issued on-the-run 10 year SDL of each of the selected 14 states to be included 
in the index 
 Weightage to each SDL based on the issue size of the security 
 The index is computed using the total return methodology including price return and coupon 
return 
 The index is rebalanced and reconstituted at every auction 
Index Performance 
Period Annualised Return 
1 Year 6.00% 
3 Year 11.33% 
5 Year 10.30% 
7 Year 9.28% 
10 Year 9.03% 
15 Year 8.14% 
Since Inception 8.93% 
As on 29th September, 2017 
 