 
 
 
 
 
Press Release 
March 13, 2019 
 
Replacements and revision in criteria of indices 
 
The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (IMSC) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make the 
replacements of stocks in various indices as part of its periodic review along with r evision in the 
selection criteria of NIFTY Growth Sectors 15 and NIFTY CPSE indices as given hereunder. 
 
These changes shall become effective from March 29, 2019 (close of March 28, 2019). 
 
A. Quarterly Review of indices:  
 
1) NIFTY Alpha 50 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Adani Transmission Ltd. ADANITRANS 
2 Biocon Ltd. BIOCON 
3 Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. GODREJCP 
4 Graphite India Ltd. GRAPHITE 
5 Gruh Finance Ltd. GRUH 
6 H.E.G. Ltd. HEG 
7 Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd. HDFC 
8 JSW Steel Ltd. JSWSTEEL 
9 Jubilant Life Sciences Ltd. JUBILANT 
10 Page Industries Ltd. PAGEIND 
11 Sonata Software Ltd. SONATSOFTW 
12 Sterlite Technologies Ltd. STRTECH 
13 Tata Elxsi Ltd. TATAELXSI 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Adani Power Ltd. ADANIPOWER 
2 Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Ltd. ABFRL 
3 Asian Paints Ltd. ASIANPAINT 
4 Astral Poly Technik Ltd. ASTRAL 
5 Aurobindo Pharma Ltd. AUROPHARMA 
6 Axis Bank Ltd. AXISBANK 
7 Gujarat Fluorochemicals Ltd. GUJFLUORO 
 
 
 
 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
8 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Ltd. ICICIGI 
9 Justdial Ltd. JUSTDIAL 
10 Muthoot Finance Ltd. MUTHOOTFIN 
11 RBL Bank Ltd. RBLBANK 
12 UPL Ltd. UPL 
13 Wipro Ltd. WIPRO 
 
2) NIFTY High Beta 50 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Adani Transmission Ltd. ADANITRANS 
2 Indian Bank INDIANB 
3 Infibeam Avenues Ltd. INFIBEAM 
4 IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd. IRB 
5 Jain Irrigation Systems Ltd. JISLJALEQS 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Adani Power Ltd. ADANIPOWER 
2 Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Co. Ltd. CHOLAFIN 
3 Escorts Ltd. ESCORTS 
4 Justdial Ltd. JUSTDIAL 
5 V.I.P. Industries Ltd. VIPIND 
 
3) NIFTY Low Volatility 50 
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Eicher Motors Ltd. EICHERMOT 
2 Indraprastha Gas Ltd. IGL 
3 TVS Motor Company Ltd. TVSMOTOR 
4 Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd. ZEEL 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 ABB India Ltd. ABB 
2 Alkem Laboratories Ltd. ALKEM 
3 Mahanagar Gas Ltd. MGL 
4 PI Industries Ltd. PIIND 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4) NIFTY100 Low Volatility 30: No Change 
 
 
B. Revision in the criteria and semi-annual review of NIFTY Growth Sectors 15 index 
 
Sector and stock review: (Periodicity: once in 2 years) 
Existing Revised 
 For 2 year period, there will be 4 
observations (i.e. 2 yearly P/E numbers and 
2 P/B numbers for each index). Out of 4 
observations, sectors that have higher P/E 
and P/B in at least 3 out of 4 observations 
are selected for inclusion in index. 
 From selected sectors, stocks having 
derivatives available are identified. 
 The s tocks are then ranked in the 
descending order of average free float 
market capitalization and top 50% of the 
stocks are carried forward for further 
scrutiny. 
 Stocks having positive EPS are only 
considered. 
 
No Change. 
 The remaining securities after above step 
are then ranked by EPS growth frequency. 
 The remaining stocks after above step are 
then ranked in the descending order of 
EPS growth frequency and then free-float 
market capitalization. 
 EPS growth frequency is measured as 
number of instances, a compan y would 
have reported positive quarter on quarter 
growth in preceding 4 quarters. 
 All securities that are not there in the index 
due to sector exclusion, shall then be 
replaced by the securities in replacement 
pool having EPS growth frequency of 4, 
better free float market capitalization (For 
calculation of EPS growth, quarterly EPS 
for last 4 quarters are compared). 
 From the above list, include one stock 
each from the eligible sectors based on 
greater EPS growth frequency (subject to 
minimum EPS growth fr equency of 3) 
and within same EPS growth frequency, 
based on free float market capitalization 
across all eligible sectors. 
 Remaining stocks shall be selected based 
on greater EPS growth frequency and 
within same EPS growth frequency, 
based on free float ma rket capitalization 
across all eligible sectors. 
 Effective 3rd March 2014 companies 
which are IRDA dividend norms compliant 
are considered eligible to be included in the 
index. 
 Effective 3rd March 2014 at the time of 
review, stocks meeting dividend norms 
specified by IRDA are considered 
eligible. 
 
 
 
 
 
Index Review: Stock review: (Periodicity: semi-annual) 
Existing Revised 
 Once in six months, stocks are reviewed in 
order to find out the better replacement 
available from the selected sectors. 
 From selected (eligible) sectors, stocks on 
which derivatives are available with 
positive EPS in latest quarter shall form 
part of replacement pool. 
No Change. 
 Replacement shall be carried out, if better 
security is available in replacement pool 
from same sector with 1.5 times the free 
float market capitalization and better EPS 
growth frequency than any index 
constituent. 
 At the time of semi -annual review, 
replacement shall be made from the same 
sector with greater EPS growth 
frequency and greater free float market 
capitalization than the stock that is being 
replaced. 
 Further, replacement shall also be made 
from the same sector with same EPS 
growth frequency and free float market 
capitalization 1.5 times higher than the 
stock that is being replaced. 
 In case of replacem ent due to non -
availability of derivatives or Scheme of 
arrangement or negative EPS of any 
security, then security from any sector 
having highest EPS growth frequency and 
free float market capitalization in 
replacement pool shall be included in the 
index. 
 In case of scheme of arrangement or non-
availability of F&O in any of the index 
constituent, a replacement shall be made 
from the list of stocks arranged in 
descending order of EPS growth 
frequency and free -float market 
capitalization within the same secto r 
subject to minimum EPS growth 
frequency of 3. 
 In case of non -availability of stocks 
meeting the above requirement, 
replacement shall be made based on 
greater EPS growth frequency and free 
float market capitalization across all 
eligible sectors. 
 At the ti me of review, stocks meeting 
dividend norms specified by IRDA are 
considered eligible. 
 
In accordance with the revised criteria, semi-annual review of NIFTY Growth Sectors 15 index 
has been conducted as given hereunder:  
 
The following companies are being excluded: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Dabur India Ltd. DABUR 
2 Eicher Motors Ltd. EICHERMOT 
 
 
 
 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
3 Hero MotoCorp Ltd. HEROMOTOCO 
4 I T C Ltd. ITC 
5 Lupin Ltd. LUPIN 
6 Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. M&M 
7 Marico Ltd. MARICO 
8 Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. SUNPHARMA 
 
The following companies are being included: 
 
Sr. No. Company Name Symbol 
1 Bajaj Finance Ltd. BAJFINANCE 
2 Divi's Laboratories Ltd. DIVISLAB 
3 Exide Industries Ltd. EXIDEIND 
4 HDFC Bank Ltd. HDFCBANK 
5 IndusInd Bank Ltd. INDUSINDBK 
6 Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. KOTAKBANK 
7 RBL Bank Ltd. RBLBANK 
8 Yes Bank Ltd. YESBANK 
 
C. Revision in the criteria for NIFTY CPSE index 
 
The IMSC has decided to make the following change in criteria for selection of stocks in NIFTY 
CPSE index with immediate effect: 
 
Existing Revised 
Eligible Universe:   
 Stocks having more than 53% government 
holding (stake via Govt. of India or 
President of India) under promoter 
category would be eligible. 
Eligible Universe:   
 Stocks having more than 5 2% 
government holding (stake via Govt. of 
India or President of India) under 
promoter category would be eligible. 
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to June 2018, according 
to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the fi rst exchange in India to 
implement electronic or screen -based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the 
largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every 
year since 1995, based on SEBI data . NSE has a fully -integrated business model comprising 
exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, 
technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading 
and cl earing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in 
technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of 
innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of its products 
 
 
 
 
 
and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and globally 
enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both 
trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants 
and clients. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
About NSE Indices Limited:  
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a 
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. 
The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio 
of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, inclu ding the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY 
equity indices comprises of broad -based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, 
thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income 
indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and 
hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within 
India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC, Singapore 
Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and 
exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the 
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets. 
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com     
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares 
and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016  (“DRHP”) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as 
on website of the Managers, Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited at 
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited at 
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/, HDFC Bank Limited at 
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited 
at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should 
note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such 
risk, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely 
on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United 
States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There is no 
intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public 
offering of the securities in the United States. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For any clarifications please contact: 
 
Kumar Kartikey  
Senior Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 
 