  
      
1 
 
Date: April 6, 2016 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
IISL Indices recognized as IOSCO compliant  
 
Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL),  a group company of NSE, 
the leading stock exchange in India , offering Nifty family of equity and fixed income 
indices has been recognized as compliant with the principles of the International 
Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) for financial benchmarks. 
 
"Compliance of Nifty indices with the IOSCO Principles demonstrates IISL’s 
commitment towards providing best index solutions aligned with the global best 
practices.  Nifty family of indices have earned widespread acceptance from the market 
participants within India and in the international markets on account of its objective, 
rule driven and transparent approach to the index governance . This will further 
strengthen recognition of our benchmarks amongst the global and local investors & 
fund managers”, said Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, IISL.  
 
IISL’s compliance with the IOSCO Principles for financial benchmarks was confirmed 
in an assessment by Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP.    A detailed assessment report can 
be accessed on http://www.nseindia.com/supra_global/content/iisl/iisl_download.htm 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
………………… 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha  
Head - Corporate Communications  
iisl@nse.co.in  
Mo: 09930019202 | Direct: +91 (022) – 2659 8164  
 
 
 
About NSE: In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed t he capital market, based on 
technology, innovation, high standards of governance and management practices. 
NSE's business practices and high levels of integrity have earned it the trust of the 
financial markets worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice  for all exchange 
traded financial products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a 
benchmark national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been 
covered extensively by global media and has won many accolades as rec ognition of 
this remarkable journey. 
 
  
      
2 
 
 
About IISL: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE group company, was 
setup in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the 
capital markets. IISL is India's first specialised  company focused upon the index as a 
core product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising broad -based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed 
income indices based on Government of India bonds. M any investment and risk 
management products based on IISL indices have been developed in the recent past, 
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka 
Exchange Inc.  (OSE) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The 
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets.  