  
      
 
Date: May 13, 2016 
 
 
Mirae Launches NIFTY 50 based Leveraged ETF in Korea  
Mumbai: Backed by growing interest in ETFs globally, a new ETF on a NIFTY index 
is now available in an overseas market. Mirae Asset Global Investments has launched 
Korea’s first-ever ETF that tracks NIFTY50 2x Leverage Index. The product will be 
traded on the Korea Exchange (KRX) . It will provide offshore investors access to the 
world’s fastest growing economy  and is expected  to complement their investment 
portfolio. 
Mr. Jooyoung Yu n, Head of ETF Management Division, Mirae Asset Global 
Investments, said  “We are pleased to license the NIFTY 50 2x Leverage Index. We 
continue to provide a variety of investment vehicles to investors, so that we can meet 
the various demands for the local m arket. In that sense, this initiative helps pave the 
way to achieve our vision.” 
NIFTY50 2x Leverage Index  is created and maintained by India Index Services and 
Products Limited (IISL), a National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) group company. 
Mr. Mu kesh Aga rwal, CEO of IISL, said “ India is world’s fastest growing major 
economy and by the listing of second NIFTY based ETF in Korea it is evident that the 
investors are optimistic to take part in the India growth story through new and 
innovative products. There are 10 international ETFs and 34 domestic ETFs based on 
NIFTY indices which shows the widespread  acceptability of NIFTY  indices for India 
access products.” 
 
 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha  
Head - Corporate Communications  
cc@nse.co.in 
Mo: +91-9930019202 | Direct: +91-22-2659 8164  
Twitter: @NSEIndia 
 
 
About NSE: In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on 
technology, innovation, high standards of governance and management practices.  
NSE's business practices and high levels of integrity have earned it the trust of the 
financial markets worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange 
traded financial products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a 
benchmark national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been 
covered extensively by global media and has won many accolades as recognition of 
this remarkable journey. 
 
About IISL: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE group  company, was 
setup in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the 
capital markets. IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a 
  
      
core product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising b road-based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed 
income indices based on Government of India bonds. Many investment and risk 
management products based on IISL indices have been developed in the recent past, 
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka 
Exchange Inc.  (OSE) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The 
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets.  
 