  
      
1 
 
Date: January 5, 2018 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Revision of criteria and Renaming of NIFTY Midcap & NIFTY Smallcap indices 
and Cessation of two indices 
 
Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a group company of NSE, in its 
endeavor to align with indust ry best practices, today announce d revision in the stock 
selection criteria and renaming of NIFTY Free float Midcap 100 and NIFTY Free float 
Smallcap 100 indices. It also announce d cessation of NIFTY Full Midcap 100 and 
NIFTY Full Smallcap 100 indices as detailed hereunder: 
 
A. Renaming of Indices: 
 
Effective April 2, 2018, NIFTY Free float Midcap 100 and NIFTY Free float Smallcap 
100 indices will be renamed as  NIFTY Midcap 100 and NIFTY Smallcap 100 
respectively.   
 
B. Revision in stock selection criteria: 
 
1. NIFTY Free float Midcap 100 (To be renamed as NIFTY Midcap 100 index): 
 
Existing Criteria Revised Criteria 
 Companies within the range of 75 th to 
90th percentile based on average free -
float market capitalization are ranked 
in the descending order of average 
daily turnover for the last six months 
for final selection of 100 companies. 
 The index will include all the 
companies from NIFTY Midcap 50.  
 Remaining 50 companies will be 
selected based on average daily 
turnover from NIFTY Midcap 150 
index. 
 
2. NIFTY Free flo at Smallcap 100 (To be renamed as NIFTY Smallcap 100 
index): 
 
Existing Criteria Revised Criteria 
 Companies within the range of 90 th to 
95th percentile based on average free-
float market capitalization are ranked 
in the descending order of average 
daily turnover for the last six months 
for final selection of 100 companies. 
 The index will  include all the 
companies from NIFTY Smallcap 50.  
 Remaining companies will be selected 
based on average daily turnover from 
top 150 companies selected based on 
full market capitalisation from NIFTY 
Smallcap 250 index. 
 
3. NIFTY 200:  The index represent the combined movement in large and 
midcap stocks. 
 
Existing Criteria Revised Criteria 
 NIFTY 200 will include all the 
companies forming part of NIFTY 
 NIFTY 200 will include all the 
companies forming part of NIFTY 
  
      
2 
 
100 and NIFTY Full Midcap  100 
index. 
100 and NIFTY Midcap 100 index 
(NIFTY Free float Midcap 100 index). 
 
For detailed stock selection criteria of broad market indices, please refer to the 
methodology document.    
 
The revision in stock selection criteria shall be applicable with effect from the semi -
annual index review to be conducted & announced in February 2018. The changes in 
the index composition shall come into effect from April 2, 2018.   It may be noted that 
the revision in stock selection criteria may result into a one-time change in  the 
composition of these indices. There shall be no change in the his torical values of these 
indices. 
 
C. Discontinuation of two indices: 
 
IISL also announces cessation of NIFTY Full Midcap 100 and NIFTY Full Smallcap 
100 index with effect from April 2, 2018 (close of March 28, 2018).  
 
 
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):  
 
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the 
fifth largest in the world by equity trading volume Year to Date (YTD), according to 
World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) data as on August 2017. NSE was the first 
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen -based trading. It began operations 
in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and 
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.  
 
NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading 
services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology 
solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading 
and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. 
 
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its 
systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes 
that the scale and breadth of it s products and services, sustained leadership positions 
across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to 
market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non -trading 
businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants and clients. 
  
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com 
 
About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL): 
  
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of 
indices and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as 
a core product. IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand 
of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises 
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and 
customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of 
  
      
3 
 
India securities, corporate bonds and money market instruments. Many investment 
products based on IISL indices have been developed within India and abroad. These 
include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan 
Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. 
The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for 
Indian Capital Markets.  
 
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com   
 
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt 
of requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public 
offer of its equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 
28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The 
DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers, 
Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited at 
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial 
Institutional Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company 
Limited at http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company 
Private Limited at http://www.morganstanley.com/about -us/global-offices/india/, 
HDFC Bank Limited at www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at 
www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL 
Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should note that investment 
in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such risk, see 
“Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely 
on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.  
 
Any securities referred to  herein have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. T here is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in 
the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States.  
 
For any clarifications please contact:  
 
Debojyoti Chatterjee  
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations  
Mobile: +91-9833368337  
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in 
  
Kumar Kartikey  
Manager, Corporate Communication  
Mobile: +91-9819549984  
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in 
 