  
   
 
Date: January 05, 2016 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
IISL Launches Nifty Private Bank Index 
 
Index aims to reflect performance of private sector banks  
 
India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE group company, in its continuous 
efforts to expand the suit of indices for Indian capital market, has today launched index 
that is designed to reflect market performance of p rivate sector banks in India. The 
index will track 10 largest private sector banks listed on NSE.  
 
“The index will complement the existing Nifty Bank and Nifty PSU Bank indices and 
provide the investors with gamut of banking sector indices catering to different 
investment needs” said Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, IISL. 
 
Nifty Private Bank index is calculated using free f loat market capitalization method 
and stock weights are capped at 25%. The base date of this index is April 01, 2005 and 
base value is 1000.  The index will be maintained b y IISL and calculated on an end-of-
day basis. The closing values of Nifty Private Bank  index will be available on 
www.nseindia.com 
 
The Nifty Private Bank Index will be available for licensing for the launch of financial 
products such as exchange traded fund and structured products. 
 
 
For more details, contact:  
Arindam Saha  
Head - Corporate Communications  
cc_nse@nse.co.in   
+91–(022)–2659 8164  
 
 
About NSE:  In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the ca pital market, based on 
technology, innovation, high standards of governanc e and management practices. 
NSE's business practices and high levels of integri ty have earned it the trust of the 
financial markets worldwide. Besides being a platfo rm of choice for all exchange 
traded financial products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a 
benchmark national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been 
covered extensively by global media and has won man y accolades as recognition of 
this remarkable journey. 
 
About IISL:  India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE  group company, was 
setup in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices a nd index related services for the 
capital markets. IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a 
core product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity i ndices comprising broad-based 
benchmark indices, sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed 
income indices based on Government of India bonds. Many investment and risk 
  
   
management products based on IISL indices have been  developed in the recent past, 
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, 
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka 
Exchange Inc. (OSE) and a number of index funds and  exchange traded funds. The 
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and tra ded as the benchmark for Indian 
Capital Markets.  
 